fname,res_type,ptype,method,res
france_toulouse_2019_.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
france_toulouse_2019_.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
france_toulouse_2019_.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
france_toulouse_2019_.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
france_toulouse_2019_.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
france_toulouse_2019_.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
france_toulouse_2019_.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
france_toulouse_2019_.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
france_toulouse_2019_.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
france_toulouse_2019_.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
france_toulouse_2019_.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
france_toulouse_2019_.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
france_toulouse_2019_.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
france_toulouse_2019_.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
france_toulouse_2019_.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
france_toulouse_2019_.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_bleszno.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_bleszno.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_bleszno.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_bleszno.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_bleszno.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_bleszno.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_bleszno.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_bleszno.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_bleszno.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_bleszno.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_bleszno.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_bleszno.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_bleszno.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_bleszno.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_bleszno.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_bleszno.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_czestochowka-parkitka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_czestochowka-parkitka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_czestochowka-parkitka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_czestochowka-parkitka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_czestochowka-parkitka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_czestochowka-parkitka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_czestochowka-parkitka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_czestochowka-parkitka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_czestochowka-parkitka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_czestochowka-parkitka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_czestochowka-parkitka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_czestochowka-parkitka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_czestochowka-parkitka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_czestochowka-parkitka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_czestochowka-parkitka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_czestochowka-parkitka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_dzbow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_dzbow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_dzbow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_dzbow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_dzbow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_dzbow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_dzbow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_dzbow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_dzbow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_dzbow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_dzbow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_dzbow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_dzbow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_dzbow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_dzbow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_dzbow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_gnaszyn-kawodrza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_gnaszyn-kawodrza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_gnaszyn-kawodrza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_gnaszyn-kawodrza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_gnaszyn-kawodrza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_gnaszyn-kawodrza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_gnaszyn-kawodrza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_gnaszyn-kawodrza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_gnaszyn-kawodrza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_gnaszyn-kawodrza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_gnaszyn-kawodrza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_gnaszyn-kawodrza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_gnaszyn-kawodrza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_gnaszyn-kawodrza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_gnaszyn-kawodrza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_gnaszyn-kawodrza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_grabowka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_grabowka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_grabowka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_grabowka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_grabowka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_grabowka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_grabowka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_grabowka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_grabowka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_grabowka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_grabowka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_grabowka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_grabowka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_grabowka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_grabowka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_grabowka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_kiedrzyn.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_kiedrzyn.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_kiedrzyn.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_kiedrzyn.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_kiedrzyn.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_kiedrzyn.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_kiedrzyn.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_kiedrzyn.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_kiedrzyn.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_kiedrzyn.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_kiedrzyn.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_kiedrzyn.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_kiedrzyn.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_kiedrzyn.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_kiedrzyn.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_kiedrzyn.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_lisiniec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_lisiniec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_lisiniec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_lisiniec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_lisiniec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_lisiniec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_lisiniec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_lisiniec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_lisiniec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_lisiniec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_lisiniec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_lisiniec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_lisiniec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_lisiniec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_lisiniec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_lisiniec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_mirow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_mirow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_mirow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_mirow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_mirow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_mirow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_mirow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_mirow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_mirow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_mirow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_mirow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_mirow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_mirow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_mirow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_mirow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_mirow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_ostatni-grosz.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_ostatni-grosz.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_ostatni-grosz.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_ostatni-grosz.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_ostatni-grosz.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_ostatni-grosz.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_ostatni-grosz.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_ostatni-grosz.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_ostatni-grosz.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_ostatni-grosz.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_ostatni-grosz.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_ostatni-grosz.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_ostatni-grosz.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_ostatni-grosz.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_ostatni-grosz.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_ostatni-grosz.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_podjasnogorska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_podjasnogorska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_podjasnogorska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_podjasnogorska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_podjasnogorska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_podjasnogorska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_podjasnogorska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_podjasnogorska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_podjasnogorska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_podjasnogorska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_podjasnogorska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_podjasnogorska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_podjasnogorska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_podjasnogorska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_podjasnogorska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_podjasnogorska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_polnoc.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_polnoc.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_polnoc.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_polnoc.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_polnoc.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_polnoc.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_polnoc.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_polnoc.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_rakow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_rakow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_rakow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_rakow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_rakow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_rakow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_rakow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_rakow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_rakow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_rakow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_rakow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_rakow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_rakow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_rakow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_rakow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_rakow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stare-miasto.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_stare-miasto.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_stare-miasto.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stare-miasto.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stare-miasto.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stare-miasto.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stare-miasto.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stare-miasto.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stare-miasto.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_stare-miasto.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_stare-miasto.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stare-miasto.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stare-miasto.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stare-miasto.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stare-miasto.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stare-miasto.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stradom.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_stradom.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_stradom.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stradom.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stradom.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stradom.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stradom.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stradom.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stradom.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_stradom.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_stradom.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stradom.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stradom.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stradom.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stradom.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stradom.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_trzech-wieszczow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_trzech-wieszczow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_trzech-wieszczow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_trzech-wieszczow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_trzech-wieszczow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_trzech-wieszczow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_trzech-wieszczow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_trzech-wieszczow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_trzech-wieszczow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_trzech-wieszczow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_trzech-wieszczow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_trzech-wieszczow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_trzech-wieszczow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_trzech-wieszczow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_trzech-wieszczow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_trzech-wieszczow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_tysiaclecie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_tysiaclecie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_tysiaclecie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_tysiaclecie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_tysiaclecie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_tysiaclecie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_tysiaclecie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_tysiaclecie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_tysiaclecie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_tysiaclecie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_tysiaclecie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_tysiaclecie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_tysiaclecie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_tysiaclecie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_tysiaclecie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_tysiaclecie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wrzosowiak.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_wrzosowiak.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_wrzosowiak.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wrzosowiak.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wrzosowiak.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wrzosowiak.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wrzosowiak.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wrzosowiak.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wrzosowiak.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_wrzosowiak.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_wrzosowiak.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wrzosowiak.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wrzosowiak.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wrzosowiak.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wrzosowiak.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wrzosowiak.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wyczerpy-aniolow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_wyczerpy-aniolow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_wyczerpy-aniolow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wyczerpy-aniolow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wyczerpy-aniolow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wyczerpy-aniolow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wyczerpy-aniolow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wyczerpy-aniolow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wyczerpy-aniolow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_wyczerpy-aniolow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_wyczerpy-aniolow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wyczerpy-aniolow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wyczerpy-aniolow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wyczerpy-aniolow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wyczerpy-aniolow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wyczerpy-aniolow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_zawodzie-dabie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_zawodzie-dabie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_zawodzie-dabie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_zawodzie-dabie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_zawodzie-dabie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_zawodzie-dabie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_zawodzie-dabie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_zawodzie-dabie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_zawodzie-dabie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_czestochowa_2020_zawodzie-dabie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_zawodzie-dabie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_zawodzie-dabie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_zawodzie-dabie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_zawodzie-dabie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_zawodzie-dabie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_zawodzie-dabie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_aniolki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_aniolki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_aniolki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_aniolki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_aniolki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_aniolki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_aniolki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_aniolki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_aniolki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_aniolki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_aniolki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_aniolki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_aniolki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_aniolki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_aniolki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_aniolki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_bretowo.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_bretowo.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_bretowo.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_bretowo.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_bretowo.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_bretowo.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_bretowo.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_bretowo.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_bretowo.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_bretowo.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_bretowo.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_bretowo.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_bretowo.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_bretowo.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_bretowo.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_bretowo.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_brzezno.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_brzezno.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_brzezno.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_brzezno.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_brzezno.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_brzezno.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_brzezno.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_brzezno.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_brzezno.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_brzezno.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_brzezno.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_brzezno.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_brzezno.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_brzezno.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_brzezno.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_brzezno.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_jasien.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_jasien.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_jasien.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_jasien.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_jasien.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_jasien.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_jasien.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_jasien.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_jasien.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_jasien.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_jasien.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_jasien.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_jasien.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_jasien.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_jasien.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_jasien.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_kokoszki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_kokoszki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_kokoszki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_kokoszki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_kokoszki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_kokoszki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_kokoszki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_kokoszki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_kokoszki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_kokoszki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_kokoszki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_kokoszki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_kokoszki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_kokoszki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_kokoszki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_kokoszki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_krakowiec-gorki-zachodnie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_krakowiec-gorki-zachodnie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_krakowiec-gorki-zachodnie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_krakowiec-gorki-zachodnie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_krakowiec-gorki-zachodnie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_krakowiec-gorki-zachodnie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_krakowiec-gorki-zachodnie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_krakowiec-gorki-zachodnie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_krakowiec-gorki-zachodnie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_krakowiec-gorki-zachodnie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_krakowiec-gorki-zachodnie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_krakowiec-gorki-zachodnie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_krakowiec-gorki-zachodnie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_krakowiec-gorki-zachodnie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_krakowiec-gorki-zachodnie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_krakowiec-gorki-zachodnie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_letnica.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_letnica.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_letnica.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_letnica.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_letnica.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_letnica.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_letnica.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_letnica.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_letnica.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_letnica.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_letnica.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_letnica.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_letnica.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_letnica.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_letnica.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_letnica.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_matarnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_matarnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_matarnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_matarnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_matarnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_matarnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_matarnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_matarnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_matarnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_matarnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_matarnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_matarnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_matarnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_matarnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_matarnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_matarnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_mlyniska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_mlyniska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_mlyniska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_mlyniska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_mlyniska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_mlyniska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_mlyniska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_mlyniska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_mlyniska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_mlyniska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_mlyniska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_mlyniska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_mlyniska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_mlyniska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_mlyniska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_mlyniska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_nowy-port.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_nowy-port.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_nowy-port.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_nowy-port.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_nowy-port.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_nowy-port.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_nowy-port.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_nowy-port.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_nowy-port.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_nowy-port.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_nowy-port.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_nowy-port.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_nowy-port.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_nowy-port.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_nowy-port.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_nowy-port.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_oliwa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_oliwa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_oliwa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_oliwa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_oliwa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_oliwa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_oliwa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_oliwa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_oliwa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_oliwa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_oliwa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_oliwa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_oliwa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_oliwa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_oliwa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_oliwa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_olszynka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_olszynka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_olszynka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_olszynka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_olszynka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_olszynka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_olszynka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_olszynka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_olszynka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_olszynka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_olszynka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_olszynka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_olszynka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_olszynka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_olszynka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_olszynka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-sw-wojciech-lipce.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-sw-wojciech-lipce.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-sw-wojciech-lipce.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-sw-wojciech-lipce.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-sw-wojciech-lipce.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-sw-wojciech-lipce.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-sw-wojciech-lipce.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-sw-wojciech-lipce.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-sw-wojciech-lipce.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-sw-wojciech-lipce.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-sw-wojciech-lipce.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-sw-wojciech-lipce.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-sw-wojciech-lipce.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-sw-wojciech-lipce.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-sw-wojciech-lipce.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-sw-wojciech-lipce.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_osowa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_osowa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_osowa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_osowa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_osowa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_osowa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_osowa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_osowa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_osowa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_osowa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_osowa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_osowa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_osowa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_osowa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_osowa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_osowa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przerobka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przerobka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przerobka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przerobka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przerobka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przerobka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przerobka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przerobka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przerobka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przerobka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przerobka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przerobka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przerobka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przerobka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przerobka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przerobka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-male.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-male.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-male.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-male.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-male.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-male.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-male.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-male.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-male.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-male.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-male.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-male.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-male.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-male.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-male.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-male.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-wielkie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-wielkie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-wielkie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-wielkie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-wielkie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-wielkie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-wielkie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-wielkie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-wielkie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-wielkie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-wielkie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-wielkie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-wielkie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-wielkie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-wielkie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-wielkie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_rudniki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_rudniki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_rudniki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_rudniki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_rudniki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_rudniki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_rudniki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_rudniki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_rudniki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_rudniki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_rudniki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_rudniki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_rudniki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_rudniki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_rudniki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_rudniki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_siedlce.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_siedlce.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_siedlce.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_siedlce.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_siedlce.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_siedlce.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_siedlce.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_siedlce.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_siedlce.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_siedlce.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_siedlce.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_siedlce.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_siedlce.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_siedlce.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_siedlce.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_siedlce.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_stogi.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_stogi.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_stogi.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_stogi.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_stogi.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_stogi.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_stogi.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_stogi.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_stogi.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_stogi.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_stogi.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_stogi.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_stogi.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_stogi.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_stogi.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_stogi.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_strzyza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_strzyza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_strzyza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_strzyza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_strzyza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_strzyza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_strzyza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_strzyza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_strzyza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_strzyza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_strzyza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_strzyza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_strzyza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_strzyza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_strzyza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_strzyza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_suchanino.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_suchanino.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_suchanino.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_suchanino.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_suchanino.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_suchanino.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_suchanino.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_suchanino.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_suchanino.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_suchanino.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_suchanino.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_suchanino.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_suchanino.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_suchanino.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_suchanino.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_suchanino.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_ujescisko-lostowice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_ujescisko-lostowice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_ujescisko-lostowice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_ujescisko-lostowice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_ujescisko-lostowice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_ujescisko-lostowice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_ujescisko-lostowice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_ujescisko-lostowice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_ujescisko-lostowice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_ujescisko-lostowice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_ujescisko-lostowice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_ujescisko-lostowice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_ujescisko-lostowice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_ujescisko-lostowice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_ujescisko-lostowice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_ujescisko-lostowice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_vii-dwor.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_vii-dwor.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_vii-dwor.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_vii-dwor.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_vii-dwor.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_vii-dwor.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_vii-dwor.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_vii-dwor.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_vii-dwor.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_vii-dwor.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_vii-dwor.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_vii-dwor.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_vii-dwor.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_vii-dwor.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_vii-dwor.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_vii-dwor.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-dolny.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-dolny.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-dolny.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-dolny.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-dolny.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-dolny.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-dolny.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-dolny.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-dolny.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-dolny.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-dolny.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-dolny.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-dolny.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-dolny.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-dolny.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-dolny.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-gorny.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-gorny.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-gorny.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-gorny.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-gorny.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-gorny.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-gorny.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-gorny.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-gorny.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-gorny.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-gorny.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-gorny.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-gorny.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-gorny.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-gorny.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-gorny.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wyspa-sobieszewska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_wyspa-sobieszewska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wyspa-sobieszewska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wyspa-sobieszewska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wyspa-sobieszewska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wyspa-sobieszewska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wyspa-sobieszewska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wyspa-sobieszewska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wyspa-sobieszewska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_wyspa-sobieszewska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wyspa-sobieszewska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wyspa-sobieszewska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wyspa-sobieszewska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wyspa-sobieszewska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wyspa-sobieszewska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wyspa-sobieszewska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wzgorze-mickiewicza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_wzgorze-mickiewicza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_wzgorze-mickiewicza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wzgorze-mickiewicza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wzgorze-mickiewicza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wzgorze-mickiewicza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wzgorze-mickiewicza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wzgorze-mickiewicza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wzgorze-mickiewicza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_wzgorze-mickiewicza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_wzgorze-mickiewicza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wzgorze-mickiewicza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wzgorze-mickiewicza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wzgorze-mickiewicza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wzgorze-mickiewicza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wzgorze-mickiewicza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zabianka-wejhera-jelitkowo-tysiaclecia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_zabianka-wejhera-jelitkowo-tysiaclecia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_zabianka-wejhera-jelitkowo-tysiaclecia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zabianka-wejhera-jelitkowo-tysiaclecia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zabianka-wejhera-jelitkowo-tysiaclecia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zabianka-wejhera-jelitkowo-tysiaclecia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zabianka-wejhera-jelitkowo-tysiaclecia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zabianka-wejhera-jelitkowo-tysiaclecia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zabianka-wejhera-jelitkowo-tysiaclecia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_zabianka-wejhera-jelitkowo-tysiaclecia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_zabianka-wejhera-jelitkowo-tysiaclecia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zabianka-wejhera-jelitkowo-tysiaclecia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zabianka-wejhera-jelitkowo-tysiaclecia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zabianka-wejhera-jelitkowo-tysiaclecia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zabianka-wejhera-jelitkowo-tysiaclecia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zabianka-wejhera-jelitkowo-tysiaclecia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-mlyniec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-mlyniec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-mlyniec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-mlyniec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-mlyniec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-mlyniec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-mlyniec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-mlyniec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-mlyniec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-mlyniec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-mlyniec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-mlyniec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-mlyniec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-mlyniec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-mlyniec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-mlyniec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-rozstaje.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-rozstaje.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-rozstaje.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-rozstaje.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-rozstaje.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-rozstaje.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-rozstaje.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-rozstaje.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-rozstaje.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-rozstaje.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-rozstaje.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-rozstaje.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-rozstaje.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-rozstaje.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-rozstaje.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-rozstaje.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_babie-doly-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_babie-doly-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_babie-doly-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_babie-doly-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_babie-doly-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_babie-doly-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_babie-doly-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_babie-doly-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_babie-doly-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_babie-doly-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_babie-doly-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_babie-doly-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_babie-doly-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_babie-doly-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_babie-doly-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_babie-doly-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chylonia-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdynia_2020_chylonia-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chylonia-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chylonia-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chylonia-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chylonia-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chylonia-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chylonia-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chylonia-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chylonia-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chylonia-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chylonia-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chylonia-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chylonia-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chylonia-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chylonia-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_cisowa-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_cisowa-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_cisowa-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_cisowa-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_cisowa-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_cisowa-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_cisowa-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_cisowa-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_cisowa-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_cisowa-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_cisowa-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_cisowa-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_cisowa-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_cisowa-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_cisowa-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_cisowa-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dzialki-lesne-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdynia_2020_dzialki-lesne-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dzialki-lesne-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dzialki-lesne-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dzialki-lesne-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dzialki-lesne-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dzialki-lesne-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dzialki-lesne-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dzialki-lesne-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dzialki-lesne-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dzialki-lesne-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dzialki-lesne-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dzialki-lesne-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dzialki-lesne-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dzialki-lesne-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dzialki-lesne-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_grabowek-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdynia_2020_grabowek-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdynia_2020_grabowek-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_grabowek-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_grabowek-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_grabowek-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_grabowek-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_grabowek-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_grabowek-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_grabowek-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_grabowek-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_grabowek-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_grabowek-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_grabowek-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_grabowek-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_grabowek-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_kamienna-gora-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdynia_2020_kamienna-gora-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_kamienna-gora-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_kamienna-gora-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_kamienna-gora-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_kamienna-gora-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_kamienna-gora-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_kamienna-gora-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_kamienna-gora-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_kamienna-gora-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_kamienna-gora-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_kamienna-gora-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_kamienna-gora-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_kamienna-gora-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_kamienna-gora-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_kamienna-gora-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_karwiny-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_karwiny-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_karwiny-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_karwiny-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_karwiny-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_karwiny-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_karwiny-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_karwiny-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_karwiny-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_karwiny-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_karwiny-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_karwiny-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_karwiny-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_karwiny-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_karwiny-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_karwiny-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_leszczynki-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdynia_2020_leszczynki-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_leszczynki-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_leszczynki-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_leszczynki-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_leszczynki-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_leszczynki-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_leszczynki-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_leszczynki-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_leszczynki-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_leszczynki-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_leszczynki-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_leszczynki-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_leszczynki-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_leszczynki-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_leszczynki-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_obluze-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdynia_2020_obluze-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_obluze-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_obluze-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_obluze-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_obluze-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_obluze-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_obluze-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_obluze-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_obluze-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_obluze-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_obluze-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_obluze-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_obluze-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_obluze-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_obluze-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_oksywie-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_oksywie-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_oksywie-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_oksywie-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_oksywie-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_oksywie-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_oksywie-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_oksywie-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_oksywie-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_oksywie-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_oksywie-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_oksywie-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_oksywie-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_oksywie-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_oksywie-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_oksywie-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_orlowo-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_orlowo-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_orlowo-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_orlowo-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_orlowo-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_orlowo-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_orlowo-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_orlowo-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_orlowo-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_orlowo-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_orlowo-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_orlowo-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_orlowo-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_orlowo-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_orlowo-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_orlowo-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pogorze-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdynia_2020_pogorze-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pogorze-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pogorze-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pogorze-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pogorze-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pogorze-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pogorze-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pogorze-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pogorze-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pogorze-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pogorze-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pogorze-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pogorze-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pogorze-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pogorze-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pustki-cisowskie-demptowo-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pustki-cisowskie-demptowo-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pustki-cisowskie-demptowo-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pustki-cisowskie-demptowo-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pustki-cisowskie-demptowo-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pustki-cisowskie-demptowo-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pustki-cisowskie-demptowo-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pustki-cisowskie-demptowo-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pustki-cisowskie-demptowo-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pustki-cisowskie-demptowo-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pustki-cisowskie-demptowo-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pustki-cisowskie-demptowo-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pustki-cisowskie-demptowo-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pustki-cisowskie-demptowo-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pustki-cisowskie-demptowo-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pustki-cisowskie-demptowo-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_srodmiescie-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_srodmiescie-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_srodmiescie-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_srodmiescie-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_srodmiescie-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_srodmiescie-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_srodmiescie-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_srodmiescie-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_srodmiescie-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_srodmiescie-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_srodmiescie-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_srodmiescie-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_srodmiescie-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_srodmiescie-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_srodmiescie-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_srodmiescie-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wielki-kack-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wielki-kack-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wielki-kack-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wielki-kack-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wielki-kack-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wielki-kack-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wielki-kack-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wielki-kack-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wielki-kack-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wielki-kack-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wielki-kack-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wielki-kack-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wielki-kack-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wielki-kack-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wielki-kack-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wielki-kack-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_witomino-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_witomino-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_witomino-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_witomino-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_witomino-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_witomino-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_witomino-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_witomino-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_witomino-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_witomino-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_witomino-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_witomino-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_witomino-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_witomino-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_witomino-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_witomino-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wzgorze-sw-maksymiliana-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdynia_2020_wzgorze-sw-maksymiliana-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wzgorze-sw-maksymiliana-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wzgorze-sw-maksymiliana-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wzgorze-sw-maksymiliana-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wzgorze-sw-maksymiliana-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wzgorze-sw-maksymiliana-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wzgorze-sw-maksymiliana-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wzgorze-sw-maksymiliana-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wzgorze-sw-maksymiliana-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wzgorze-sw-maksymiliana-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wzgorze-sw-maksymiliana-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wzgorze-sw-maksymiliana-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wzgorze-sw-maksymiliana-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wzgorze-sw-maksymiliana-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wzgorze-sw-maksymiliana-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_bogucice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_bogucice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_bogucice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_bogucice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_bogucice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_bogucice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_bogucice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_bogucice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_bogucice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_bogucice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_bogucice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_bogucice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_bogucice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_bogucice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_bogucice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_bogucice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dab.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_dab.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_dab.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dab.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dab.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dab.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dab.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dab.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dab.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_dab.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_dab.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dab.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dab.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dab.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dab.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dab.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dabrowka-mala.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_dabrowka-mala.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_dabrowka-mala.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dabrowka-mala.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dabrowka-mala.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dabrowka-mala.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dabrowka-mala.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dabrowka-mala.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dabrowka-mala.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_dabrowka-mala.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_dabrowka-mala.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dabrowka-mala.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dabrowka-mala.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dabrowka-mala.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dabrowka-mala.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dabrowka-mala.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_giszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_giszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_giszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_giszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_giszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_giszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_giszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_giszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_giszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_giszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_giszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_giszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_giszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_giszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_giszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_giszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_koszutka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_koszutka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_koszutka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_koszutka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_koszutka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_koszutka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_koszutka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_koszutka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_koszutka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_koszutka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_koszutka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_koszutka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_koszutka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_koszutka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_koszutka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_koszutka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_murcki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_murcki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_murcki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_murcki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_murcki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_murcki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_murcki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_murcki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_murcki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_murcki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_murcki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_murcki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_murcki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_murcki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_murcki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_murcki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_szopienice-burowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_szopienice-burowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_szopienice-burowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_szopienice-burowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_szopienice-burowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_szopienice-burowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_szopienice-burowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_szopienice-burowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_szopienice-burowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_szopienice-burowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_szopienice-burowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_szopienice-burowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_szopienice-burowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_szopienice-burowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_szopienice-burowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_szopienice-burowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_zaleze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_zaleze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_zaleze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_zaleze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zarzecze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_zarzecze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_zarzecze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zarzecze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zarzecze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zarzecze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zarzecze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zarzecze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zarzecze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_zarzecze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_zarzecze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zarzecze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zarzecze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zarzecze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zarzecze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zarzecze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zawodzie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_zawodzie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zawodzie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zawodzie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zawodzie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zawodzie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zawodzie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zawodzie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zawodzie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_zawodzie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zawodzie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zawodzie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zawodzie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zawodzie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zawodzie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zawodzie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_bogucice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_bogucice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_bogucice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_bogucice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_bogucice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_bogucice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_bogucice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_bogucice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_bogucice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_bogucice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_bogucice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_bogucice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_bogucice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_bogucice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_bogucice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_bogucice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dab.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_dab.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_dab.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dab.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dab.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dab.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dab.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dab.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dab.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_dab.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_dab.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dab.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dab.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dab.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dab.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dab.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dabrowka-mala.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_dabrowka-mala.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dabrowka-mala.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dabrowka-mala.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dabrowka-mala.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dabrowka-mala.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dabrowka-mala.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dabrowka-mala.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dabrowka-mala.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_dabrowka-mala.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dabrowka-mala.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dabrowka-mala.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dabrowka-mala.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dabrowka-mala.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dabrowka-mala.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dabrowka-mala.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_koszutka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_koszutka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_koszutka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_koszutka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_koszutka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_koszutka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_koszutka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_koszutka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_koszutka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_koszutka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_koszutka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_koszutka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_koszutka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_koszutka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_koszutka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_koszutka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_murcki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_murcki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_murcki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_murcki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_murcki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_murcki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_murcki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_murcki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_murcki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_murcki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_murcki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_murcki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_murcki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_murcki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_murcki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_murcki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_szopienice-burowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_szopienice-burowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_szopienice-burowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_szopienice-burowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_szopienice-burowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_szopienice-burowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_szopienice-burowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_szopienice-burowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_szopienice-burowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_szopienice-burowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_szopienice-burowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_szopienice-burowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_szopienice-burowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_szopienice-burowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_szopienice-burowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_szopienice-burowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zarzecze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_zarzecze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_zarzecze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zarzecze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zarzecze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zarzecze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zarzecze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zarzecze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zarzecze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_zarzecze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_zarzecze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zarzecze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zarzecze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zarzecze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zarzecze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zarzecze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zawodzie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_zawodzie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zawodzie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zawodzie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zawodzie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zawodzie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zawodzie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zawodzie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zawodzie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_zawodzie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zawodzie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zawodzie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zawodzie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zawodzie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zawodzie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zawodzie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_andrzejow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_andrzejow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_andrzejow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_andrzejow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_andrzejow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_andrzejow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_andrzejow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_andrzejow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_dolina-lodki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_dolina-lodki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_dolina-lodki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_dolina-lodki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_dolina-lodki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_dolina-lodki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_dolina-lodki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_dolina-lodki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_gorniak.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_gorniak.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_gorniak.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_gorniak.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2020_gorniak.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_gorniak.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_gorniak.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_gorniak.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2020_im-montwilla-mireckiego.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_im-montwilla-mireckiego.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_im-montwilla-mireckiego.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_im-montwilla-mireckiego.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2020_im-montwilla-mireckiego.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_im-montwilla-mireckiego.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_im-montwilla-mireckiego.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_im-montwilla-mireckiego.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2020_koziny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_koziny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_koziny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_koziny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_koziny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_koziny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_koziny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_koziny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_lagiewniki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_lagiewniki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_lagiewniki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_lagiewniki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_lagiewniki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_lagiewniki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_lagiewniki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_lagiewniki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_lublinek-pienista.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_lublinek-pienista.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_lublinek-pienista.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_lublinek-pienista.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_lublinek-pienista.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_lublinek-pienista.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_lublinek-pienista.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_lublinek-pienista.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_mileszki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_mileszki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_mileszki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_mileszki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2020_mileszki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_mileszki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_mileszki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_mileszki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nad-nerem.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_nad-nerem.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nad-nerem.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nad-nerem.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nad-nerem.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nad-nerem.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nad-nerem.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nad-nerem.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nowosolna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nowosolna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nowosolna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nowosolna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nowosolna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nowosolna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nowosolna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nowosolna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nr-33.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_nr-33.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nr-33.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nr-33.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nr-33.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nr-33.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nr-33.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nr-33.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_rokicie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_rokicie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_rokicie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_rokicie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_rokicie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_rokicie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_rokicie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_rokicie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_wiskitno.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_wiskitno.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_wiskitno.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_wiskitno.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_wiskitno.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_wiskitno.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_wiskitno.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_wiskitno.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_wzniesien-lodzkich.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_wzniesien-lodzkich.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_wzniesien-lodzkich.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_wzniesien-lodzkich.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_wzniesien-lodzkich.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_wzniesien-lodzkich.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_wzniesien-lodzkich.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_wzniesien-lodzkich.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_zdrowie-mania.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_zdrowie-mania.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_zdrowie-mania.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_zdrowie-mania.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_zdrowie-mania.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_zdrowie-mania.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_zdrowie-mania.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_zdrowie-mania.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_andrzejow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_andrzejow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_andrzejow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_andrzejow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_andrzejow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_andrzejow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_andrzejow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_andrzejow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_dolina-lodki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_dolina-lodki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_dolina-lodki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_dolina-lodki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_dolina-lodki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_dolina-lodki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_dolina-lodki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_dolina-lodki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_gorniak.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_gorniak.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_gorniak.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_gorniak.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_gorniak.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_gorniak.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_gorniak.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_gorniak.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_im-jozefa-montwilla-mireckiego.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_im-jozefa-montwilla-mireckiego.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_im-jozefa-montwilla-mireckiego.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_im-jozefa-montwilla-mireckiego.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_im-jozefa-montwilla-mireckiego.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_im-jozefa-montwilla-mireckiego.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_im-jozefa-montwilla-mireckiego.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_im-jozefa-montwilla-mireckiego.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_katedralna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_katedralna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_katedralna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_katedralna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_katedralna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_katedralna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_katedralna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_katedralna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_koziny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_koziny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_koziny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_koziny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_koziny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_koziny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_koziny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_koziny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_lagiewniki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_lagiewniki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_lagiewniki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_lagiewniki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_lagiewniki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_lagiewniki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_lagiewniki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_lagiewniki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_lublinek-pienista.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_lublinek-pienista.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_lublinek-pienista.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_lublinek-pienista.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_lublinek-pienista.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_lublinek-pienista.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_lublinek-pienista.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_lublinek-pienista.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_mileszki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_mileszki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_mileszki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_mileszki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_mileszki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_mileszki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_mileszki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_mileszki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nad-nerem.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_nad-nerem.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_nad-nerem.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nad-nerem.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nad-nerem.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nad-nerem.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nad-nerem.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nad-nerem.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nowosolna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nowosolna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nowosolna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nowosolna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nowosolna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nowosolna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nowosolna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nowosolna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nr-33.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_nr-33.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nr-33.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nr-33.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nr-33.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nr-33.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nr-33.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nr-33.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_rokicie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_rokicie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_rokicie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_rokicie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_rokicie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_rokicie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_rokicie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_rokicie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_ruda.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_ruda.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_ruda.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_ruda.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_ruda.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_ruda.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_ruda.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_ruda.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_stoki-sikawa-podgorze.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_stoki-sikawa-podgorze.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_stoki-sikawa-podgorze.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_stoki-sikawa-podgorze.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_stoki-sikawa-podgorze.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_stoki-sikawa-podgorze.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_stoki-sikawa-podgorze.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_stoki-sikawa-podgorze.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_wiskitno.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_wiskitno.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_wiskitno.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_wiskitno.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_wiskitno.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_wiskitno.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_wiskitno.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_wiskitno.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_wzniesien-lodzkich.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_wzniesien-lodzkich.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_wzniesien-lodzkich.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_wzniesien-lodzkich.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_wzniesien-lodzkich.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_wzniesien-lodzkich.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_wzniesien-lodzkich.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_wzniesien-lodzkich.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zdrowie-mania.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_zdrowie-mania.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zdrowie-mania.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zdrowie-mania.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zdrowie-mania.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zdrowie-mania.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zdrowie-mania.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zdrowie-mania.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_aleksandrow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_aleksandrow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_aleksandrow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_aleksandrow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_aleksandrow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_aleksandrow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_aleksandrow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_aleksandrow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_anin.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_anin.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_anin.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_anin.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_anin.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_anin.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_anin.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_anin.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-groty-gorce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-groty-gorce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-groty-gorce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-groty-gorce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-groty-gorce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-groty-gorce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-groty-gorce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-groty-gorce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_centrum-wola-grzybowska-groszowka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_centrum-wola-grzybowska-groszowka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_centrum-wola-grzybowska-groszowka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_centrum-wola-grzybowska-groszowka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_centrum-wola-grzybowska-groszowka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_centrum-wola-grzybowska-groszowka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_centrum-wola-grzybowska-groszowka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_centrum-wola-grzybowska-groszowka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_chomiczowka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_chomiczowka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_chomiczowka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_chomiczowka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_chomiczowka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_chomiczowka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_chomiczowka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_chomiczowka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_czyste-mirow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_czyste-mirow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_czyste-mirow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_czyste-mirow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_czyste-mirow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_czyste-mirow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_czyste-mirow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_czyste-mirow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_falenica.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_falenica.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_falenica.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_falenica.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_falenica.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_falenica.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_falenica.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_falenica.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-centrum.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-centrum.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-centrum.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-centrum.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-centrum.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-centrum.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-centrum.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-centrum.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-kinowa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-kinowa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-kinowa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-kinowa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-kinowa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-kinowa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-kinowa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-kinowa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_kamionek.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_kamionek.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_kamionek.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_kamionek.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_kamionek.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_kamionek.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_kamionek.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_kamionek.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_kolo.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_kolo.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_kolo.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_kolo.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_kolo.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_kolo.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_kolo.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_kolo.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_las.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_las.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_las.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_las.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_las.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_las.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_las.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_las.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_lotnisko-bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_lotnisko-bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_lotnisko-bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_lotnisko-bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_lotnisko-bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_lotnisko-bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_lotnisko-bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_lotnisko-bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marysin-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_marysin-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marysin-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marysin-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marysin-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marysin-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marysin-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marysin-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marysin-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marysin-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marysin-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marysin-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marysin-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marysin-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marysin-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marysin-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_miedzeszyn.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_miedzeszyn.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_miedzeszyn.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_miedzeszyn.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_miedzeszyn.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_miedzeszyn.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_miedzeszyn.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_miedzeszyn.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_miedzylesie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_miedzylesie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_miedzylesie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_miedzylesie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_miedzylesie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_miedzylesie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_miedzylesie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_miedzylesie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_mlynow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_mlynow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_mlynow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_mlynow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_mlynow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_mlynow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_mlynow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_mlynow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nadwisle.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_nadwisle.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nadwisle.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nadwisle.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nadwisle.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nadwisle.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nadwisle.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nadwisle.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_niskie-okecie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_niskie-okecie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_niskie-okecie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_niskie-okecie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_niskie-okecie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_niskie-okecie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_niskie-okecie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_niskie-okecie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nowe-wlochy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_nowe-wlochy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nowe-wlochy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nowe-wlochy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nowe-wlochy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nowe-wlochy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nowe-wlochy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nowe-wlochy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_piaski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_piaski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_piaski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_piaski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_piaski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_piaski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_piaski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_piaski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_plac-wojska-polskiego.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_plac-wojska-polskiego.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_plac-wojska-polskiego.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_plac-wojska-polskiego.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_plac-wojska-polskiego.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_plac-wojska-polskiego.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_plac-wojska-polskiego.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_plac-wojska-polskiego.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_radosc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_radosc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_radosc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_radosc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_radosc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_radosc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_radosc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_radosc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rakowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_rakowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rakowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rakowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rakowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rakowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rakowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rakowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rejon-e.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_rejon-e.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rejon-e.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rejon-e.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rejon-e.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rejon-e.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rejon-e.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rejon-e.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sadul.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sadul.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sadul.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sadul.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sadul.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sadul.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sadul.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sadul.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_saska-kepa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_saska-kepa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_saska-kepa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_saska-kepa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_saska-kepa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_saska-kepa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_saska-kepa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_saska-kepa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_slodowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_slodowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_slodowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_slodowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_slodowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_slodowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_slodowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_slodowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-milosna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-milosna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-milosna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-milosna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-milosna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-milosna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-milosna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-milosna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-ochota.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-ochota.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-ochota.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-ochota.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-ochota.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-ochota.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-ochota.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-ochota.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-praga-i-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-praga-i-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-praga-i-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-praga-i-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-praga-i-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-praga-i-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-praga-i-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-praga-i-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stare-bielany.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_stare-bielany.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_stare-bielany.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stare-bielany.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stare-bielany.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stare-bielany.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stare-bielany.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stare-bielany.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stare-wlochy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_stare-wlochy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_stare-wlochy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stare-wlochy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stare-wlochy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stare-wlochy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stare-wlochy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stare-wlochy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_subunit-wawer.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_subunit-wawer.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_subunit-wawer.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_subunit-wawer.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_subunit-wawer.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_subunit-wawer.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_subunit-wawer.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_subunit-wawer.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_szczesliwice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_szczesliwice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_szczesliwice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_szczesliwice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_szczesliwice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_szczesliwice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_szczesliwice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_szczesliwice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursus-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_ursus-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursus-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursus-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursus-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursus-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursus-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursus-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursus-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_ursus-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_ursus-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursus-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursus-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursus-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursus-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursus-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wilanow-obszar-i.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_wilanow-obszar-i.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wilanow-obszar-i.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wilanow-obszar-i.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wilanow-obszar-i.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wilanow-obszar-i.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wilanow-obszar-i.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wilanow-obszar-i.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wilanow-obszar-ii.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_wilanow-obszar-ii.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_wilanow-obszar-ii.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wilanow-obszar-ii.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wilanow-obszar-ii.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wilanow-obszar-ii.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wilanow-obszar-ii.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wilanow-obszar-ii.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wysokie-okecie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_wysokie-okecie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wysokie-okecie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wysokie-okecie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wysokie-okecie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wysokie-okecie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wysokie-okecie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wysokie-okecie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zacisze.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_zacisze.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_zacisze.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zacisze.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zacisze.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zacisze.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zacisze.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zacisze.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zerzen.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_zerzen.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zerzen.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zerzen.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zerzen.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zerzen.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zerzen.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zerzen.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zielona-grzybowa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_zielona-grzybowa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zielona-grzybowa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zielona-grzybowa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zielona-grzybowa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zielona-grzybowa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zielona-grzybowa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zielona-grzybowa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zielony-ursynow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_zielony-ursynow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zielony-ursynow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zielony-ursynow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zielony-ursynow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zielony-ursynow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zielony-ursynow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zielony-ursynow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zoliborz-centralny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_zoliborz-centralny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zoliborz-centralny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zoliborz-centralny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zoliborz-centralny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zoliborz-centralny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zoliborz-centralny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zoliborz-centralny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zoliborz-poludniowy-powazki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_zoliborz-poludniowy-powazki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zoliborz-poludniowy-powazki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zoliborz-poludniowy-powazki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zoliborz-poludniowy-powazki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zoliborz-poludniowy-powazki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zoliborz-poludniowy-powazki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zoliborz-poludniowy-powazki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_aleksandrow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_aleksandrow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_aleksandrow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_aleksandrow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_aleksandrow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_aleksandrow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_aleksandrow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_aleksandrow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_anin.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_anin.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_anin.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_anin.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_anin.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_anin.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_anin.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_anin.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-groty-gorce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-groty-gorce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-groty-gorce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-groty-gorce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-groty-gorce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-groty-gorce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-groty-gorce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-groty-gorce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_chomiczowka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_chomiczowka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_chomiczowka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_chomiczowka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_chomiczowka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_chomiczowka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_chomiczowka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_chomiczowka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_czyste-mirow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_czyste-mirow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_czyste-mirow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_czyste-mirow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_czyste-mirow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_czyste-mirow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_czyste-mirow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_czyste-mirow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_falenica.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_falenica.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_falenica.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_falenica.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_falenica.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_falenica.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_falenica.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_falenica.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-centrum.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-centrum.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-centrum.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-centrum.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-centrum.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-centrum.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-centrum.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-centrum.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-kinowa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-kinowa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-kinowa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-kinowa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-kinowa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-kinowa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-kinowa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-kinowa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_kamionek.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_kamionek.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_kamionek.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_kamionek.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_kamionek.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_kamionek.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_kamionek.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_kamionek.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_kolo.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_kolo.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_kolo.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_kolo.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_kolo.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_kolo.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_kolo.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_kolo.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_las.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_las.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_las.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_las.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_las.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_las.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_las.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_las.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_lotnisko-bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_lotnisko-bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_lotnisko-bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_lotnisko-bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_lotnisko-bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_lotnisko-bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_lotnisko-bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_lotnisko-bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_marysin-wawerski-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_marysin-wawerski-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_marysin-wawerski-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_marysin-wawerski-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_marysin-wawerski-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_marysin-wawerski-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_marysin-wawerski-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_marysin-wawerski-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_marysin-wawerski-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_marysin-wawerski-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_marysin-wawerski-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_marysin-wawerski-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_marysin-wawerski-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_marysin-wawerski-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_marysin-wawerski-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_marysin-wawerski-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_miedzeszyn.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_miedzeszyn.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_miedzeszyn.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_miedzeszyn.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_miedzeszyn.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_miedzeszyn.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_miedzeszyn.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_miedzeszyn.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_miedzylesie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_miedzylesie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_miedzylesie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_miedzylesie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_miedzylesie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_miedzylesie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_miedzylesie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_miedzylesie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_muranow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_muranow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_muranow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_muranow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_muranow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_muranow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_muranow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_muranow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nadwisle.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nadwisle.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nadwisle.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nadwisle.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nadwisle.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nadwisle.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nadwisle.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nadwisle.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_niskie-okecie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_niskie-okecie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_niskie-okecie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_niskie-okecie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_niskie-okecie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_niskie-okecie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_niskie-okecie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_niskie-okecie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nowe-wlochy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_nowe-wlochy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nowe-wlochy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nowe-wlochy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nowe-wlochy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nowe-wlochy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nowe-wlochy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nowe-wlochy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nowolipki-powazki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_nowolipki-powazki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nowolipki-powazki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nowolipki-powazki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nowolipki-powazki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nowolipki-powazki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nowolipki-powazki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nowolipki-powazki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-1-plac-wojska-polskiego-wola-grzybowska-centrum-groszowka-grzybowa-zielona.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-1-plac-wojska-polskiego-wola-grzybowska-centrum-groszowka-grzybowa-zielona.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-1-plac-wojska-polskiego-wola-grzybowska-centrum-groszowka-grzybowa-zielona.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-1-plac-wojska-polskiego-wola-grzybowska-centrum-groszowka-grzybowa-zielona.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-1-plac-wojska-polskiego-wola-grzybowska-centrum-groszowka-grzybowa-zielona.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-1-plac-wojska-polskiego-wola-grzybowska-centrum-groszowka-grzybowa-zielona.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-1-plac-wojska-polskiego-wola-grzybowska-centrum-groszowka-grzybowa-zielona.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-1-plac-wojska-polskiego-wola-grzybowska-centrum-groszowka-grzybowa-zielona.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-1-zoliborz-centralny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-1-zoliborz-centralny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-1-zoliborz-centralny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-1-zoliborz-centralny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-1-zoliborz-centralny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-1-zoliborz-centralny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-1-zoliborz-centralny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-1-zoliborz-centralny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-2-sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-2-sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-2-sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-2-sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-2-sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-2-sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-2-sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-2-sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-2-stara-milosna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-2-stara-milosna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-2-stara-milosna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-2-stara-milosna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-2-stara-milosna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-2-stara-milosna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-2-stara-milosna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-2-stara-milosna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-3-marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-3-marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-3-marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-3-marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-3-marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-3-marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-3-marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-3-marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-ii-stara-praga-ze-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-ii-stara-praga-ze-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-ii-stara-praga-ze-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-ii-stara-praga-ze-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-ii-stara-praga-ze-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-ii-stara-praga-ze-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-ii-stara-praga-ze-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-ii-stara-praga-ze-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_piaski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_piaski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_piaski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_piaski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_piaski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_piaski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_piaski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_piaski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_pole-mokotowskie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_pole-mokotowskie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_pole-mokotowskie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_pole-mokotowskie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_pole-mokotowskie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_pole-mokotowskie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_pole-mokotowskie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_pole-mokotowskie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_przywisle.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_przywisle.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_przywisle.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_przywisle.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_przywisle.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_przywisle.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_przywisle.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_przywisle.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_radosc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_radosc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_radosc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_radosc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_radosc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_radosc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_radosc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_radosc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-1.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-1.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-1.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-1.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-1.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-1.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-1.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-1.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-4.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-4.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-4.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-4.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-4.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-4.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-4.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-4.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-5.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-5.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-5.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-5.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-5.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-5.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-5.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-5.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-7.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-7.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-7.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-7.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-7.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-7.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-7.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-7.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-9.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-9.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-9.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-9.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-9.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-9.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-9.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-9.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_sadul.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_sadul.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_sadul.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_sadul.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_sadul.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_sadul.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_sadul.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_sadul.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_saska-kepa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_saska-kepa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_saska-kepa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_saska-kepa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_saska-kepa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_saska-kepa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_saska-kepa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_saska-kepa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_slodowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_slodowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_slodowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_slodowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_slodowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_slodowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_slodowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_slodowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_srodmiescie-polnocne.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_srodmiescie-polnocne.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_srodmiescie-polnocne.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_srodmiescie-polnocne.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_srodmiescie-polnocne.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_srodmiescie-polnocne.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_srodmiescie-polnocne.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_srodmiescie-polnocne.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_srodmiescie-poludniowe.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_srodmiescie-poludniowe.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_srodmiescie-poludniowe.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_srodmiescie-poludniowe.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_srodmiescie-poludniowe.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_srodmiescie-poludniowe.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_srodmiescie-poludniowe.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_srodmiescie-poludniowe.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-bielany.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-bielany.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-bielany.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-bielany.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-bielany.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-bielany.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-bielany.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-bielany.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-miasto.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-miasto.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-miasto.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-miasto.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-miasto.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-miasto.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-miasto.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-miasto.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-wlochy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-wlochy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-wlochy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-wlochy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-wlochy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-wlochy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-wlochy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-wlochy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_subunit-wawer.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_subunit-wawer.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_subunit-wawer.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_subunit-wawer.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_subunit-wawer.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_subunit-wawer.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_subunit-wawer.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_subunit-wawer.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_ursus-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_ursus-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_ursus-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_ursus-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_ursus-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_ursus-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_ursus-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_ursus-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wawrzyszew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_wawrzyszew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wawrzyszew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wawrzyszew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wawrzyszew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wawrzyszew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wawrzyszew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wawrzyszew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow-obszar-i.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow-obszar-i.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow-obszar-i.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow-obszar-i.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow-obszar-i.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow-obszar-i.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow-obszar-i.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow-obszar-i.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow-obszar-ii.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow-obszar-ii.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow-obszar-ii.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow-obszar-ii.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow-obszar-ii.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow-obszar-ii.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow-obszar-ii.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow-obszar-ii.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wysokie-okecie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wysokie-okecie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wysokie-okecie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wysokie-okecie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wysokie-okecie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wysokie-okecie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wysokie-okecie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wysokie-okecie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zacisze.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_zacisze.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zacisze.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zacisze.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zacisze.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zacisze.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zacisze.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zacisze.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zerzen.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_zerzen.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zerzen.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zerzen.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zerzen.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zerzen.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zerzen.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zerzen.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zielony-ursynow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_zielony-ursynow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zielony-ursynow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zielony-ursynow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zielony-ursynow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zielony-ursynow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zielony-ursynow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zielony-ursynow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_aleksandrow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_aleksandrow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_aleksandrow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_aleksandrow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_aleksandrow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_aleksandrow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_aleksandrow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_aleksandrow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_anin.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_anin.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_anin.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_anin.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_anin.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_anin.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_anin.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_anin.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-gorce-groty.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-gorce-groty.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-gorce-groty.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-gorce-groty.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-gorce-groty.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-gorce-groty.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-gorce-groty.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-gorce-groty.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_brodno.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_brodno.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_brodno.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_brodno.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_brodno.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_brodno.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_brodno.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_brodno.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_chomiczowka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_chomiczowka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_chomiczowka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_chomiczowka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_chomiczowka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_chomiczowka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_chomiczowka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_chomiczowka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_chrzanow-jelonki-poludniowe-jelonki-polnocne.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_chrzanow-jelonki-poludniowe-jelonki-polnocne.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_chrzanow-jelonki-poludniowe-jelonki-polnocne.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_chrzanow-jelonki-poludniowe-jelonki-polnocne.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_chrzanow-jelonki-poludniowe-jelonki-polnocne.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_chrzanow-jelonki-poludniowe-jelonki-polnocne.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_chrzanow-jelonki-poludniowe-jelonki-polnocne.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_chrzanow-jelonki-poludniowe-jelonki-polnocne.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_falenica.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_falenica.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_falenica.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_falenica.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_falenica.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_falenica.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_falenica.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_falenica.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-centrum.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-centrum.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-centrum.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-centrum.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-centrum.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-centrum.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-centrum.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-centrum.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-kinowa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-kinowa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-kinowa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-kinowa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-kinowa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-kinowa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-kinowa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-kinowa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_kamionek.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_kamionek.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_kamionek.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_kamionek.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_kamionek.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_kamionek.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_kamionek.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_kamionek.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_las.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_las.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_las.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_las.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_las.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_las.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_las.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_las.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_marysin-wawerski-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_marysin-wawerski-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_marysin-wawerski-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_marysin-wawerski-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_marysin-wawerski-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_marysin-wawerski-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_marysin-wawerski-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_marysin-wawerski-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_marysin-wawerski-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_marysin-wawerski-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_marysin-wawerski-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_marysin-wawerski-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_marysin-wawerski-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_marysin-wawerski-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_marysin-wawerski-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_marysin-wawerski-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miasto-ogrod-sadyba.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_miasto-ogrod-sadyba.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miasto-ogrod-sadyba.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miasto-ogrod-sadyba.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miasto-ogrod-sadyba.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miasto-ogrod-sadyba.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miasto-ogrod-sadyba.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miasto-ogrod-sadyba.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miedzeszyn.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miedzeszyn.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miedzeszyn.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miedzeszyn.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miedzeszyn.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miedzeszyn.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miedzeszyn.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miedzeszyn.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miedzylesie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_miedzylesie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miedzylesie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miedzylesie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miedzylesie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miedzylesie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miedzylesie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miedzylesie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_muranow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_muranow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_muranow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_muranow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_muranow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_muranow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_muranow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_muranow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_nadwisle.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_nadwisle.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_nadwisle.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_nadwisle.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_nadwisle.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_nadwisle.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_nadwisle.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_nadwisle.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-1-zoliborz-centralny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-1-zoliborz-centralny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-1-zoliborz-centralny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-1-zoliborz-centralny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-1-zoliborz-centralny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-1-zoliborz-centralny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-1-zoliborz-centralny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-1-zoliborz-centralny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-2-sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie-rudawka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-2-sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie-rudawka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-2-sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie-rudawka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-2-sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie-rudawka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-2-sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie-rudawka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-2-sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie-rudawka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-2-sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie-rudawka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-2-sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie-rudawka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-3-marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-3-marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-3-marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-3-marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-3-marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-3-marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-3-marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-3-marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-4-piekielko-zeran-annopol.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-4-piekielko-zeran-annopol.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-4-piekielko-zeran-annopol.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-4-piekielko-zeran-annopol.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-4-piekielko-zeran-annopol.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-4-piekielko-zeran-annopol.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-4-piekielko-zeran-annopol.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-4-piekielko-zeran-annopol.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-4-zoliborz-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-4-zoliborz-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-4-zoliborz-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-4-zoliborz-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-4-zoliborz-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-4-zoliborz-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-4-zoliborz-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-4-zoliborz-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-5-powazki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-5-powazki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-5-powazki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-5-powazki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-5-powazki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-5-powazki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-5-powazki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-5-powazki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-i-nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-i-nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-i-nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-i-nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-i-nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-i-nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-i-nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-i-nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-i-wilanow-wysoki-wilanow-niski-zachodni.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-i-wilanow-wysoki-wilanow-niski-zachodni.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-i-wilanow-wysoki-wilanow-niski-zachodni.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-i-wilanow-wysoki-wilanow-niski-zachodni.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-i-wilanow-wysoki-wilanow-niski-zachodni.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-i-wilanow-wysoki-wilanow-niski-zachodni.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-i-wilanow-wysoki-wilanow-niski-zachodni.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-i-wilanow-wysoki-wilanow-niski-zachodni.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-ii-stara-praga-ze-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-ii-stara-praga-ze-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-ii-stara-praga-ze-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-ii-stara-praga-ze-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-ii-stara-praga-ze-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-ii-stara-praga-ze-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-ii-stara-praga-ze-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-ii-stara-praga-ze-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-ii-wilanow-niski-wschodni-zawady-powsinek-kepa-zawadowska.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-ii-wilanow-niski-wschodni-zawady-powsinek-kepa-zawadowska.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-ii-wilanow-niski-wschodni-zawady-powsinek-kepa-zawadowska.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-ii-wilanow-niski-wschodni-zawady-powsinek-kepa-zawadowska.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-ii-wilanow-niski-wschodni-zawady-powsinek-kepa-zawadowska.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-ii-wilanow-niski-wschodni-zawady-powsinek-kepa-zawadowska.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-ii-wilanow-niski-wschodni-zawady-powsinek-kepa-zawadowska.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-ii-wilanow-niski-wschodni-zawady-powsinek-kepa-zawadowska.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-iii-powsin-kepa-latoszkowa-zamosc-latoszki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-iii-powsin-kepa-latoszkowa-zamosc-latoszki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-iii-powsin-kepa-latoszkowa-zamosc-latoszki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-iii-powsin-kepa-latoszkowa-zamosc-latoszki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-iii-powsin-kepa-latoszkowa-zamosc-latoszki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-iii-powsin-kepa-latoszkowa-zamosc-latoszki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-iii-powsin-kepa-latoszkowa-zamosc-latoszki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-iii-powsin-kepa-latoszkowa-zamosc-latoszki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-iv-wilanow-zachodni-osiedle-arbuzowa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-iv-wilanow-zachodni-osiedle-arbuzowa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-iv-wilanow-zachodni-osiedle-arbuzowa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-iv-wilanow-zachodni-osiedle-arbuzowa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-iv-wilanow-zachodni-osiedle-arbuzowa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-iv-wilanow-zachodni-osiedle-arbuzowa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-iv-wilanow-zachodni-osiedle-arbuzowa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-iv-wilanow-zachodni-osiedle-arbuzowa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_okecie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_okecie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_okecie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_okecie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_okecie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_okecie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_okecie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_okecie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_piaski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_piaski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_piaski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_piaski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_piaski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_piaski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_piaski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_piaski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_przywisle.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_przywisle.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_przywisle.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_przywisle.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_przywisle.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_przywisle.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_przywisle.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_przywisle.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_radosc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_radosc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_radosc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_radosc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_radosc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_radosc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_radosc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_radosc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rakowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_rakowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rakowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rakowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rakowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rakowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rakowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rakowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rejon-polnocno-zachodni.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_rejon-polnocno-zachodni.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rejon-polnocno-zachodni.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rejon-polnocno-zachodni.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rejon-polnocno-zachodni.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rejon-polnocno-zachodni.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rejon-polnocno-zachodni.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rejon-polnocno-zachodni.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rejon-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_rejon-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rejon-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rejon-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rejon-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rejon-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rejon-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rejon-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rembertow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_rembertow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rembertow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rembertow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rembertow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rembertow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rembertow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rembertow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sadul.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_sadul.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sadul.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sadul.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sadul.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sadul.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sadul.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sadul.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_saska-kepa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_saska-kepa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_saska-kepa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_saska-kepa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_saska-kepa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_saska-kepa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_saska-kepa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_saska-kepa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_siekierki-augustowka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_siekierki-augustowka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_siekierki-augustowka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_siekierki-augustowka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_siekierki-augustowka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_siekierki-augustowka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_siekierki-augustowka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_siekierki-augustowka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_slodowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_slodowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_slodowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_slodowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_slodowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_slodowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_slodowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_slodowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sluzew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_sluzew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sluzew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sluzew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sluzew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sluzew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sluzew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sluzew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sluzewiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_sluzewiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sluzewiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sluzewiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sluzewiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sluzewiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sluzewiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sluzewiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie-polnocne.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie-polnocne.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie-polnocne.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie-polnocne.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie-polnocne.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie-polnocne.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie-polnocne.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie-polnocne.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie-poludniowe.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie-poludniowe.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie-poludniowe.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie-poludniowe.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie-poludniowe.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie-poludniowe.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie-poludniowe.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie-poludniowe.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stara-ochota.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_stara-ochota.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stara-ochota.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stara-ochota.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stara-ochota.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stara-ochota.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stara-ochota.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stara-ochota.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stare-bielany.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_stare-bielany.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stare-bielany.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stare-bielany.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stare-bielany.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stare-bielany.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stare-bielany.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stare-bielany.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stare-miasto.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_stare-miasto.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stare-miasto.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stare-miasto.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stare-miasto.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stare-miasto.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stare-miasto.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stare-miasto.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_subunit-wawer.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_subunit-wawer.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_subunit-wawer.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_subunit-wawer.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_subunit-wawer.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_subunit-wawer.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_subunit-wawer.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_subunit-wawer.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_szczesliwice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_szczesliwice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_szczesliwice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_szczesliwice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_szczesliwice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_szczesliwice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_szczesliwice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_szczesliwice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ursus-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_ursus-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ursus-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ursus-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ursus-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ursus-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ursus-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ursus-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wawrzyszew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_wawrzyszew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wawrzyszew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wawrzyszew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wawrzyszew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wawrzyszew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wawrzyszew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wawrzyszew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wesola.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_wesola.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wesola.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wesola.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wesola.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wesola.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wesola.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wesola.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zacisze.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_zacisze.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zacisze.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zacisze.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zacisze.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zacisze.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zacisze.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zacisze.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zerzen.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_zerzen.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zerzen.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zerzen.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zerzen.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zerzen.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zerzen.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zerzen.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zielony-ursynow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_zielony-ursynow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zielony-ursynow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zielony-ursynow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zielony-ursynow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zielony-ursynow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zielony-ursynow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zielony-ursynow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2020_wesola.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2020_wesola.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2020_wesola.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2020_wesola.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2020_wesola.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2020_wesola.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2020_wesola.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2020_wesola.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2023_wesola.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2023_wesola.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2023_wesola.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2023_wesola.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2023_wesola.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2023_wesola.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2023_wesola.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2023_wesola.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-2-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-2-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-2-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-2-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-2-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-2-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-2-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-2-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-2-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-2-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-2-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-2-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-2-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-2-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-2-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-2-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_biskupice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2020_biskupice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_biskupice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_biskupice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_biskupice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_biskupice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_biskupice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_biskupice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_grzybowice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2020_grzybowice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2020_grzybowice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_grzybowice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_grzybowice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_grzybowice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_grzybowice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_grzybowice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_guido.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2020_guido.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2020_guido.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_guido.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_guido.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_guido.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_guido.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_guido.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_helenka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2020_helenka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2020_helenka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_helenka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_helenka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_helenka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_helenka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_helenka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_konczyce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2020_konczyce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_konczyce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_konczyce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_konczyce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_konczyce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_konczyce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_konczyce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_maciejow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_maciejow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_maciejow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_maciejow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_maciejow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_maciejow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_maciejow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_maciejow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_makoszowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2020_makoszowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_makoszowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_makoszowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_makoszowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_makoszowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_makoszowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_makoszowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_mikulczyce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2020_mikulczyce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2020_mikulczyce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_mikulczyce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_mikulczyce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_mikulczyce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_mikulczyce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_mikulczyce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-mikolaja-kopernika.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-mikolaja-kopernika.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-mikolaja-kopernika.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-mikolaja-kopernika.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-mikolaja-kopernika.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-mikolaja-kopernika.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-mikolaja-kopernika.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-mikolaja-kopernika.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-mlodego-gornika.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-mlodego-gornika.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-mlodego-gornika.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-mlodego-gornika.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-mlodego-gornika.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-mlodego-gornika.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-mlodego-gornika.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-mlodego-gornika.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-tadeusza-kotarbinskiego.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-tadeusza-kotarbinskiego.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-tadeusza-kotarbinskiego.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-tadeusza-kotarbinskiego.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-tadeusza-kotarbinskiego.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-tadeusza-kotarbinskiego.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-tadeusza-kotarbinskiego.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-tadeusza-kotarbinskiego.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_pawlow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2020_pawlow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_pawlow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_pawlow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_pawlow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_pawlow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_pawlow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_pawlow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_rokitnica.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2020_rokitnica.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2020_rokitnica.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_rokitnica.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_rokitnica.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_rokitnica.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_rokitnica.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_rokitnica.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zaborze-polnoc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2020_zaborze-polnoc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zaborze-polnoc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zaborze-polnoc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zaborze-polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zaborze-polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zaborze-polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zaborze-polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zaborze-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2020_zaborze-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zaborze-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zaborze-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zaborze-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zaborze-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zaborze-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zaborze-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zandka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2020_zandka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2020_zandka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zandka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zandka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zandka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zandka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zandka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_biskupice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2021_biskupice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_biskupice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_biskupice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_biskupice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_biskupice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_biskupice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_biskupice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_centrum-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2021_centrum-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2021_centrum-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_centrum-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_centrum-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_centrum-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_centrum-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_centrum-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_grzybowice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2021_grzybowice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_grzybowice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_grzybowice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_grzybowice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_grzybowice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_grzybowice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_grzybowice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_guido.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2021_guido.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_guido.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_guido.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_guido.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_guido.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_guido.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_guido.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_helenka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2021_helenka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2021_helenka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_helenka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_helenka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_helenka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_helenka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_helenka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_konczyce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2021_konczyce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2021_konczyce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_konczyce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_konczyce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_konczyce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_konczyce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_konczyce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_maciejow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_maciejow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_maciejow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_maciejow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_maciejow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_maciejow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_maciejow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_maciejow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_makoszowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2021_makoszowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_makoszowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_makoszowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_makoszowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_makoszowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_makoszowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_makoszowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_mikulczyce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2021_mikulczyce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2021_mikulczyce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_mikulczyce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_mikulczyce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_mikulczyce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_mikulczyce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_mikulczyce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-mikolaja-kopernika.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-mikolaja-kopernika.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-mikolaja-kopernika.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-mikolaja-kopernika.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-mikolaja-kopernika.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-mikolaja-kopernika.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-mikolaja-kopernika.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-mikolaja-kopernika.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-mlodego-gornika.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-mlodego-gornika.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-mlodego-gornika.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-mlodego-gornika.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-mlodego-gornika.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-mlodego-gornika.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-mlodego-gornika.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-mlodego-gornika.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-tadeusza-kotarbinskiego.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-tadeusza-kotarbinskiego.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-tadeusza-kotarbinskiego.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-tadeusza-kotarbinskiego.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-tadeusza-kotarbinskiego.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-tadeusza-kotarbinskiego.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-tadeusza-kotarbinskiego.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-tadeusza-kotarbinskiego.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_pawlow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2021_pawlow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_pawlow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_pawlow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_pawlow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_pawlow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_pawlow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_pawlow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_rokitnica.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2021_rokitnica.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_rokitnica.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_rokitnica.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_rokitnica.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_rokitnica.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_rokitnica.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_rokitnica.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zaborze-polnoc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2021_zaborze-polnoc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zaborze-polnoc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zaborze-polnoc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zaborze-polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zaborze-polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zaborze-polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zaborze-polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zaborze-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zaborze-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zaborze-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zaborze-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zaborze-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zaborze-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zaborze-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zaborze-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zandka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zandka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zandka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zandka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zandka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zandka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zandka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zandka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_bleszno.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_bleszno.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_bleszno.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_bleszno.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_czestochowka-parkitka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_czestochowka-parkitka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_czestochowka-parkitka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_czestochowka-parkitka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_dzbow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_dzbow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_dzbow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_dzbow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_gnaszyn-kawodrza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_gnaszyn-kawodrza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_gnaszyn-kawodrza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_gnaszyn-kawodrza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_grabowka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_grabowka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_grabowka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_grabowka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_kiedrzyn.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_kiedrzyn.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_kiedrzyn.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_kiedrzyn.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_lisiniec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_lisiniec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_lisiniec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_lisiniec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_mirow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_mirow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_mirow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_mirow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_ostatni-grosz.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_ostatni-grosz.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_ostatni-grosz.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_ostatni-grosz.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_podjasnogorska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_podjasnogorska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_podjasnogorska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_podjasnogorska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stare-miasto.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stare-miasto.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stare-miasto.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stare-miasto.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stradom.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stradom.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stradom.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_stradom.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_trzech-wieszczow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_trzech-wieszczow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_trzech-wieszczow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_trzech-wieszczow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_zawodzie-dabie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_zawodzie-dabie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_zawodzie-dabie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_zawodzie-dabie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_aniolki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_aniolki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_aniolki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_aniolki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_bretowo.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_bretowo.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_bretowo.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_bretowo.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_kokoszki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_kokoszki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_kokoszki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_kokoszki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_krakowiec-gorki-zachodnie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_krakowiec-gorki-zachodnie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_krakowiec-gorki-zachodnie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_krakowiec-gorki-zachodnie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_letnica.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_letnica.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_letnica.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_letnica.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_matarnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_matarnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_matarnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_matarnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_mlyniska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_mlyniska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_mlyniska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_mlyniska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_nowy-port.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_nowy-port.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_nowy-port.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_nowy-port.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_oliwa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_oliwa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_oliwa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_oliwa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_olszynka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_olszynka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_olszynka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_olszynka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-sw-wojciech-lipce.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-sw-wojciech-lipce.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-sw-wojciech-lipce.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-sw-wojciech-lipce.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przerobka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przerobka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przerobka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przerobka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-male.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-male.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-male.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-male.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_rudniki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_rudniki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_rudniki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_rudniki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_siedlce.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_siedlce.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_siedlce.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_siedlce.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_stogi.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_stogi.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_stogi.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_stogi.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_suchanino.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_suchanino.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_suchanino.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_suchanino.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_vii-dwor.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_vii-dwor.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_vii-dwor.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_vii-dwor.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wyspa-sobieszewska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wyspa-sobieszewska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wyspa-sobieszewska.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wyspa-sobieszewska.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wzgorze-mickiewicza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wzgorze-mickiewicza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wzgorze-mickiewicza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wzgorze-mickiewicza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_babie-doly-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_babie-doly-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_babie-doly-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_babie-doly-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_cisowa-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_cisowa-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_cisowa-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_cisowa-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dzialki-lesne-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dzialki-lesne-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dzialki-lesne-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dzialki-lesne-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_kamienna-gora-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_kamienna-gora-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_kamienna-gora-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_kamienna-gora-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_leszczynki-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_leszczynki-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_leszczynki-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_leszczynki-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_oksywie-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_oksywie-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_oksywie-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_oksywie-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_orlowo-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_orlowo-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_orlowo-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_orlowo-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pogorze-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pogorze-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_srodmiescie-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_srodmiescie-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_witomino-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_witomino-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_witomino-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_witomino-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dab.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dab.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_dab.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dab.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_zarzecze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zarzecze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_zarzecze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zarzecze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_brynow-czesc-wschodnia-osiedle-zgrzebnioka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dab.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dab.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dab.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dab.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dabrowka-mala.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dabrowka-mala.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dabrowka-mala.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_dabrowka-mala.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zarzecze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zarzecze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zarzecze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zarzecze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_dolina-lodki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_dolina-lodki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_gorniak.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_gorniak.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_im-montwilla-mireckiego.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_im-montwilla-mireckiego.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_lagiewniki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_lagiewniki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_mileszki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_mileszki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nad-nerem.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nad-nerem.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nr-33.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nr-33.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_wzniesien-lodzkich.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_wzniesien-lodzkich.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_zdrowie-mania.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_zdrowie-mania.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_im-jozefa-montwilla-mireckiego.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_im-jozefa-montwilla-mireckiego.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_lagiewniki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_lagiewniki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_mileszki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_mileszki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nad-nerem.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nad-nerem.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nowosolna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nowosolna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nr-33.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_nr-33.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_wzniesien-lodzkich.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_wzniesien-lodzkich.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zdrowie-mania.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zdrowie-mania.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_aleksandrow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_aleksandrow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_anin.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_anin.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-groty-gorce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-groty-gorce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_centrum-wola-grzybowska-groszowka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_centrum-wola-grzybowska-groszowka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_chomiczowka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_chomiczowka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_falenica.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_falenica.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-centrum.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-centrum.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-kinowa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-kinowa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_kamionek.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_kamionek.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_las.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_las.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marysin-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marysin-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marysin-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_marysin-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_miedzeszyn.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_miedzeszyn.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_miedzylesie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_miedzylesie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nadwisle.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nadwisle.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_niskie-okecie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_niskie-okecie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nowe-wlochy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nowe-wlochy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_piaski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_piaski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_plac-wojska-polskiego.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_plac-wojska-polskiego.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_radosc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_radosc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rejon-e.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rejon-e.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sadul.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sadul.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_slodowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_slodowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-praga-i-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-praga-i-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stare-wlochy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stare-wlochy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_subunit-wawer.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_subunit-wawer.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wilanow-obszar-ii.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wilanow-obszar-ii.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wysokie-okecie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wysokie-okecie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zerzen.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zerzen.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zielona-grzybowa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zielona-grzybowa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zielony-ursynow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zielony-ursynow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_aleksandrow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_aleksandrow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_anin.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_anin.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_czyste-mirow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_czyste-mirow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_falenica.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_falenica.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-centrum.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-centrum.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-kinowa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-kinowa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_kolo.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_kolo.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_las.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_las.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_marysin-wawerski-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_marysin-wawerski-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_marysin-wawerski-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_marysin-wawerski-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_miedzeszyn.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_miedzeszyn.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_miedzylesie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_miedzylesie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_muranow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_muranow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nadwisle.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nadwisle.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_niskie-okecie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_niskie-okecie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-2-stara-milosna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-2-stara-milosna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-3-marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-3-marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_piaski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_piaski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_pole-mokotowskie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_pole-mokotowskie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_przywisle.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_przywisle.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_radosc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_radosc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-7.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-7.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_sadul.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_sadul.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_slodowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_slodowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_srodmiescie-polnocne.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_srodmiescie-polnocne.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-miasto.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-miasto.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_subunit-wawer.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_subunit-wawer.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow-obszar-ii.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow-obszar-ii.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wysokie-okecie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wysokie-okecie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zacisze.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zacisze.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zerzen.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zerzen.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_aleksandrow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_aleksandrow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_anin.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_anin.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-gorce-groty.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-gorce-groty.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_brodno.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_brodno.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_falenica.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_falenica.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-centrum.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-centrum.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-kinowa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-kinowa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_grochow-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_kamionek.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_kamionek.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_las.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_las.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_marysin-wawerski-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_marysin-wawerski-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_marysin-wawerski-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_marysin-wawerski-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miedzeszyn.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miedzeszyn.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miedzylesie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miedzylesie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_muranow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_muranow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_nadwisle.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_nadwisle.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-1-zoliborz-centralny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-1-zoliborz-centralny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-2-sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie-rudawka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-2-sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie-rudawka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-3-marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-3-marymont-potok-zoliborz-dziennikarski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-4-piekielko-zeran-annopol.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-4-piekielko-zeran-annopol.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-4-zoliborz-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-4-zoliborz-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-5-powazki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-5-powazki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-i-wilanow-wysoki-wilanow-niski-zachodni.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-i-wilanow-wysoki-wilanow-niski-zachodni.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-ii-wilanow-niski-wschodni-zawady-powsinek-kepa-zawadowska.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-ii-wilanow-niski-wschodni-zawady-powsinek-kepa-zawadowska.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-iii-powsin-kepa-latoszkowa-zamosc-latoszki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-iii-powsin-kepa-latoszkowa-zamosc-latoszki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_okecie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_okecie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_piaski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_piaski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_przyczolek-grochowski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_radiowo-wolka-weglowa-placowka-huta.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_radosc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_radosc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rejon-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rejon-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rembertow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rembertow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sadul.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sadul.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_siekierki-augustowka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_siekierki-augustowka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_slodowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_slodowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sluzew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sluzew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie-polnocne.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie-polnocne.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie-poludniowe.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie-poludniowe.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stara-ochota.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stara-ochota.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stare-bielany.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stare-bielany.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stare-miasto.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_stare-miasto.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_subunit-wawer.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_subunit-wawer.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_targowek-mieszkaniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zacisze.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zacisze.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zerzen.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zerzen.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_biskupice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_biskupice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_grzybowice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_grzybowice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_helenka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_helenka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_konczyce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_konczyce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_maciejow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_maciejow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_makoszowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_makoszowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_mikulczyce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_mikulczyce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-mikolaja-kopernika.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-mikolaja-kopernika.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-mlodego-gornika.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-mlodego-gornika.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-tadeusza-kotarbinskiego.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_osiedle-tadeusza-kotarbinskiego.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_pawlow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_pawlow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zaborze-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zaborze-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zandka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zandka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2021_biskupice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_biskupice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_grzybowice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_grzybowice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_guido.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_guido.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_helenka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_helenka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_konczyce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_konczyce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_maciejow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_maciejow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_makoszowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_makoszowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-mikolaja-kopernika.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-mikolaja-kopernika.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-mlodego-gornika.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-mlodego-gornika.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-tadeusza-kotarbinskiego.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_osiedle-tadeusza-kotarbinskiego.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_pawlow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_pawlow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zaborze-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zaborze-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zandka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zandka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
france_toulouse_2019_.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
france_toulouse_2019_.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
france_toulouse_2019_.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
france_toulouse_2019_.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_polnoc.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_polnoc.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_rakow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_rakow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_rakow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_rakow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_tysiaclecie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_tysiaclecie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_tysiaclecie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_tysiaclecie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wrzosowiak.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wrzosowiak.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wrzosowiak.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wrzosowiak.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wyczerpy-aniolow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wyczerpy-aniolow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wyczerpy-aniolow.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_czestochowa_2020_wyczerpy-aniolow.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_brzezno.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_brzezno.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_brzezno.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_brzezno.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_jasien.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_jasien.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_jasien.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_jasien.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_osowa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_osowa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_osowa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_osowa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-wielkie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-wielkie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-wielkie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-wielkie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_strzyza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_strzyza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_strzyza.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_strzyza.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-dolny.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-dolny.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-dolny.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-dolny.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-gorny.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-gorny.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-gorny.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-gorny.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zabianka-wejhera-jelitkowo-tysiaclecia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zabianka-wejhera-jelitkowo-tysiaclecia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zabianka-wejhera-jelitkowo-tysiaclecia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zabianka-wejhera-jelitkowo-tysiaclecia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-mlyniec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-mlyniec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-mlyniec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-mlyniec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-rozstaje.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-rozstaje.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-rozstaje.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_zaspa-rozstaje.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chylonia-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chylonia-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chylonia-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chylonia-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_grabowek-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_grabowek-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_gdynia_2020_grabowek-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_grabowek-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_karwiny-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_karwiny-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_karwiny-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_karwiny-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_obluze-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_obluze-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_obluze-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_obluze-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pogorze-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pogorze-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pustki-cisowskie-demptowo-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pustki-cisowskie-demptowo-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pustki-cisowskie-demptowo-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_pustki-cisowskie-demptowo-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_srodmiescie-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_srodmiescie-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wielki-kack-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wielki-kack-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wielki-kack-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wielki-kack-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wzgorze-sw-maksymiliana-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wzgorze-sw-maksymiliana-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wzgorze-sw-maksymiliana-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_wzgorze-sw-maksymiliana-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_bogucice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_bogucice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_bogucice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_bogucice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dabrowka-mala.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dabrowka-mala.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dabrowka-mala.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_dabrowka-mala.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_giszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_giszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_giszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_giszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_koszutka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_koszutka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_koszutka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_koszutka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_murcki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_murcki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_murcki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_murcki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_szopienice-burowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_szopienice-burowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_szopienice-burowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_szopienice-burowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_zaleze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_zawodzie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zawodzie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zawodzie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zawodzie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_bogucice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_bogucice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_bogucice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_bogucice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_koszutka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_koszutka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_koszutka.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_koszutka.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_murcki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_murcki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_murcki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_murcki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_szopienice-burowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_szopienice-burowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_szopienice-burowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_szopienice-burowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zawodzie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zawodzie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zawodzie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zawodzie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_andrzejow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_andrzejow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_koziny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_koziny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_lublinek-pienista.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_lublinek-pienista.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nowosolna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_lodz_2020_nowosolna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_lodz_2020_rokicie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_rokicie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_wiskitno.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_wiskitno.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_andrzejow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_andrzejow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_dolina-lodki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_dolina-lodki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_gorniak.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_gorniak.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_katedralna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_katedralna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_koziny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_koziny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_lublinek-pienista.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_lublinek-pienista.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_rokicie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_rokicie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_ruda.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_ruda.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_stoki-sikawa-podgorze.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_stoki-sikawa-podgorze.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_wiskitno.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_wiskitno.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_czyste-mirow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_czyste-mirow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_grochow-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_kolo.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_kolo.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_lotnisko-bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_lotnisko-bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_mlynow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_mlynow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rakowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rakowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_saska-kepa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_saska-kepa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-milosna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-milosna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-ochota.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stara-ochota.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stare-bielany.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_stare-bielany.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_szczesliwice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_szczesliwice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursus-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursus-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursus-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursus-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wilanow-obszar-i.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wilanow-obszar-i.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zacisze.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zacisze.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zoliborz-centralny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zoliborz-centralny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_zoliborz-poludniowy-powazki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_zoliborz-poludniowy-powazki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-groty-gorce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_boernerowo-fort-radiowo-groty-gorce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_chomiczowka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_chomiczowka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_kamionek.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_kamionek.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_lotnisko-bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_lotnisko-bemowo-lotnisko-fort-bema.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nowe-wlochy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nowe-wlochy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nowolipki-powazki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_nowolipki-powazki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-1-plac-wojska-polskiego-wola-grzybowska-centrum-groszowka-grzybowa-zielona.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-1-plac-wojska-polskiego-wola-grzybowska-centrum-groszowka-grzybowa-zielona.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-1-zoliborz-centralny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-1-zoliborz-centralny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-2-sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-2-sady-zoliborskie-zatrasie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-ii-stara-praga-ze-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-ii-stara-praga-ze-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-1.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-1.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-4.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-4.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-5.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-5.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-9.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-9.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_ruda-marymont-las-bielanski.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_saska-kepa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_saska-kepa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_srodmiescie-poludniowe.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_srodmiescie-poludniowe.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-bielany.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-bielany.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-wlochy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-wlochy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_ursus-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_ursus-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wawrzyszew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wawrzyszew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow-obszar-i.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow-obszar-i.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zielony-ursynow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_zielony-ursynow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_chomiczowka.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_chomiczowka.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_chrzanow-jelonki-poludniowe-jelonki-polnocne.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_chrzanow-jelonki-poludniowe-jelonki-polnocne.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miasto-ogrod-sadyba.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_miasto-ogrod-sadyba.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-i-nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-i-nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-ii-stara-praga-ze-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-ii-stara-praga-ze-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-iv-wilanow-zachodni-osiedle-arbuzowa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-iv-wilanow-zachodni-osiedle-arbuzowa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_przywisle.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_przywisle.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rakowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rakowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rejon-polnocno-zachodni.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_rejon-polnocno-zachodni.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_saska-kepa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_saska-kepa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sluzewiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sluzewiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_szczesliwice.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_szczesliwice.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ursus-polnocny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ursus-polnocny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wawrzyszew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wawrzyszew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wesola.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wesola.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_wrzeciono-mlociny.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zielony-ursynow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_zielony-ursynow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2020_wesola.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2020_wesola.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2023_wesola.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2023_wesola.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-2-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-2-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-2-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-2-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_guido.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_guido.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_rokitnica.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_rokitnica.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zaborze-polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_zaborze-polnoc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_centrum-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_centrum-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_mikulczyce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_mikulczyce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_rokitnica.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_rokitnica.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zaborze-polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_zaborze-polnoc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_ujescisko-lostowice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_ujescisko-lostowice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_ujescisko-lostowice.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_ujescisko-lostowice.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2023_rembertow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2023_rembertow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2023_rembertow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2023_rembertow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2023_rembertow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2023_rembertow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2023_rembertow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2023_rembertow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2023_rembertow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2023_rembertow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-7-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-7-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-7-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-7-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-7-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-7-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-7-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-7-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-7-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-7-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_centrum-polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_centrum-polnoc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2021_centrum-polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_centrum-polnoc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_centrum-polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_centrum-polnoc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_centrum-polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_centrum-polnoc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_centrum-polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_centrum-polnoc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-witosa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-witosa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-witosa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-witosa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-witosa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-witosa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-witosa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-witosa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-witosa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-witosa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-witosa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-witosa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-witosa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-witosa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-witosa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-witosa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-witosa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-witosa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-witosa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-witosa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_piastow-kurak.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_piastow-kurak.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_piastow-kurak.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_piastow-kurak.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_piastow-kurak.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_piastow-kurak.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_piastow-kurak.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_piastow-kurak.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_piastow-kurak.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_piastow-kurak.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_redlowo-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_redlowo-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_redlowo-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_redlowo-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_redlowo-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_redlowo-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_redlowo-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_redlowo-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_redlowo-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_redlowo-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-4-zoliborz-poludniowy-powazki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-4-zoliborz-poludniowy-powazki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-4-zoliborz-poludniowy-powazki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-4-zoliborz-poludniowy-powazki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-4-zoliborz-poludniowy-powazki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-4-zoliborz-poludniowy-powazki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-4-zoliborz-poludniowy-powazki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-4-zoliborz-poludniowy-powazki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-4-zoliborz-poludniowy-powazki.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-4-zoliborz-poludniowy-powazki.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-11-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chwarzno-wiczlino-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chwarzno-wiczlino-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chwarzno-wiczlino-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chwarzno-wiczlino-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chwarzno-wiczlino-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chwarzno-wiczlino-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chwarzno-wiczlino-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chwarzno-wiczlino-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chwarzno-wiczlino-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chwarzno-wiczlino-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_widzew-wschod.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_widzew-wschod.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_widzew-wschod.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_widzew-wschod.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_widzew-wschod.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_widzew-wschod.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_widzew-wschod.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_widzew-wschod.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_widzew-wschod.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_widzew-wschod.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_baluty-zachodnie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_baluty-zachodnie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_baluty-zachodnie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_baluty-zachodnie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_baluty-zachodnie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_baluty-zachodnie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_baluty-zachodnie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2020_baluty-zachodnie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2020_baluty-zachodnie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_baluty-zachodnie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-11-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-8-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_maly-kack-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_maly-kack-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdynia_2020_maly-kack-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_maly-kack-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_maly-kack-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_maly-kack-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdynia_2020_maly-kack-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_maly-kack-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_maly-kack-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_maly-kack-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_zaleze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_zaleze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleze.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleze.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-5-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-5-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-5-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-5-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-5-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-5-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-5-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-5-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-5-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-5-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dabrowa-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dabrowa-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdynia_2020_dabrowa-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dabrowa-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dabrowa-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dabrowa-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dabrowa-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dabrowa-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dabrowa-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dabrowa-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-6-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-6-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-6-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-6-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-6-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-6-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-6-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-6-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-6-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-6-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-4-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_centrum-polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_centrum-polnoc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2020_centrum-polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_centrum-polnoc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_centrum-polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_centrum-polnoc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_centrum-polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_centrum-polnoc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_centrum-polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_centrum-polnoc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-witosa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-witosa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-witosa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-witosa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-witosa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-witosa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-witosa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-witosa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-witosa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-witosa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-witosa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-witosa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-witosa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-witosa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-witosa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-witosa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-witosa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-witosa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-witosa.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-witosa.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-13-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_piastow-kurak.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_piastow-kurak.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_piastow-kurak.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_piastow-kurak.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_piastow-kurak.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_piastow-kurak.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_piastow-kurak.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_piastow-kurak.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_piastow-kurak.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_piastow-kurak.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-8-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-5-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-5-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-5-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-5-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-5-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-5-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-5-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-5-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-5-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-5-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-2-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-2-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-2-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-2-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-2-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-2-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-2-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-2-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-2-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-2-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_maly-kack-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_maly-kack-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_maly-kack-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_maly-kack-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_maly-kack-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_maly-kack-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_maly-kack-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_maly-kack-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_maly-kack-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_maly-kack-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wawrzyszew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wawrzyszew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_wawrzyszew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wawrzyszew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wawrzyszew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wawrzyszew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wawrzyszew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wawrzyszew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wawrzyszew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wawrzyszew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zarzew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zarzew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_zarzew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zarzew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zarzew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zarzew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zarzew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zarzew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zarzew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zarzew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_redlowo-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_redlowo-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdynia_2020_redlowo-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_redlowo-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_redlowo-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_redlowo-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_redlowo-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_redlowo-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_redlowo-large.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_redlowo-large.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-3-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-3-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-3-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-3-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-3-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-3-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-3-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-3-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-3-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-3-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_ruda.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_ruda.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_ruda.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_ruda.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_ruda.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_ruda.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_ruda.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_ruda.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_ruda.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_ruda.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_centrum-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_centrum-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2020_centrum-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_centrum-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_centrum-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_centrum-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2020_centrum-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_centrum-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_centrum-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_zabrze_2020_centrum-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dabrowa-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dabrowa-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dabrowa-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dabrowa-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dabrowa-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dabrowa-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dabrowa-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dabrowa-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dabrowa-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_dabrowa-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-9-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-9-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-9-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-9-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-9-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-9-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-9-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-9-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-9-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-9-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_podlesie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_podlesie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_podlesie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_podlesie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_podlesie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_podlesie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_podlesie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_podlesie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_podlesie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_podlesie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_podlesie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_podlesie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_podlesie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_podlesie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_podlesie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_podlesie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_podlesie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_podlesie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_podlesie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_podlesie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-3-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-3-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-3-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-3-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-3-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-3-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-3-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-3-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-3-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-3-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-14-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-14-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-14-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-14-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-14-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-14-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-14-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-14-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-14-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-14-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_julianow-marysin-rogi.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_julianow-marysin-rogi.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_julianow-marysin-rogi.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_julianow-marysin-rogi.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_julianow-marysin-rogi.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_julianow-marysin-rogi.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_julianow-marysin-rogi.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_julianow-marysin-rogi.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_julianow-marysin-rogi.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_julianow-marysin-rogi.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_chelm.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_chelm.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_chelm.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_chelm.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_chelm.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_chelm.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_chelm.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_chelm.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_chelm.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_chelm.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_chelm.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_chelm.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_chelm.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_chelm.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_chelm.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_chelm.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_chelm.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_chelm.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_chelm.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_chelm.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_olechow-janow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_olechow-janow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_olechow-janow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_olechow-janow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_olechow-janow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_olechow-janow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_olechow-janow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_olechow-janow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_olechow-janow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_olechow-janow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_stare-polesie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_stare-polesie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_stare-polesie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_lodz_2020_stare-polesie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_lodz_2020_stare-polesie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_stare-polesie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_stare-polesie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2020_stare-polesie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2020_stare-polesie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_stare-polesie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_retkinia-zachod-smulsko.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_retkinia-zachod-smulsko.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_retkinia-zachod-smulsko.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_retkinia-zachod-smulsko.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_retkinia-zachod-smulsko.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_retkinia-zachod-smulsko.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_retkinia-zachod-smulsko.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2020_retkinia-zachod-smulsko.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2020_retkinia-zachod-smulsko.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_retkinia-zachod-smulsko.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_srodmiescie-wschod.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_srodmiescie-wschod.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_srodmiescie-wschod.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_srodmiescie-wschod.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_srodmiescie-wschod.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_srodmiescie-wschod.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_srodmiescie-wschod.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_srodmiescie-wschod.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_srodmiescie-wschod.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_srodmiescie-wschod.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_stoki-sikawa-podgorze.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_stoki-sikawa-podgorze.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_stoki-sikawa-podgorze.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_stoki-sikawa-podgorze.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_stoki-sikawa-podgorze.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_stoki-sikawa-podgorze.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_stoki-sikawa-podgorze.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_stoki-sikawa-podgorze.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_stoki-sikawa-podgorze.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_stoki-sikawa-podgorze.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_giszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_giszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_giszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_giszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_giszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_giszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_giszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_giszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_giszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_giszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_giszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_giszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_giszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_giszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_giszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_giszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_giszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_giszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_giszowiec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_giszowiec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-5-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-5-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-5-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-5-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-5-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-5-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-5-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-5-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-5-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-5-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_chrzanow-jelonki-polnocne-jelonki-poludniowe.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_chrzanow-jelonki-polnocne-jelonki-poludniowe.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_chrzanow-jelonki-polnocne-jelonki-poludniowe.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_chrzanow-jelonki-polnocne-jelonki-poludniowe.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_chrzanow-jelonki-polnocne-jelonki-poludniowe.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_chrzanow-jelonki-polnocne-jelonki-poludniowe.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_chrzanow-jelonki-polnocne-jelonki-poludniowe.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_chrzanow-jelonki-polnocne-jelonki-poludniowe.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_chrzanow-jelonki-polnocne-jelonki-poludniowe.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_chrzanow-jelonki-polnocne-jelonki-poludniowe.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-7-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-7-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-7-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-7-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-7-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-7-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-7-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-7-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-7-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-7-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-6-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-6-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-6-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-6-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-6-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-6-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-6-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-6-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-6-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-6-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-tysiaclecia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-tysiaclecia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-tysiaclecia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-tysiaclecia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-tysiaclecia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-tysiaclecia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-tysiaclecia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-tysiaclecia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-tysiaclecia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-tysiaclecia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-tysiaclecia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-tysiaclecia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-tysiaclecia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-tysiaclecia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-tysiaclecia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-tysiaclecia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-tysiaclecia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-tysiaclecia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-tysiaclecia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-tysiaclecia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-14-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-14-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-14-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-14-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-14-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-14-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-14-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-14-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-14-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-14-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_retkinia-zachod-smulsko.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_retkinia-zachod-smulsko.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_retkinia-zachod-smulsko.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_retkinia-zachod-smulsko.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_retkinia-zachod-smulsko.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_retkinia-zachod-smulsko.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_retkinia-zachod-smulsko.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_retkinia-zachod-smulsko.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_retkinia-zachod-smulsko.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_retkinia-zachod-smulsko.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_zarzew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_zarzew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_zarzew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_zarzew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_zarzew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_zarzew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_zarzew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_zarzew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_zarzew.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_zarzew.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-14-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-14-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-14-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-14-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-14-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-14-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-14-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-14-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-14-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-14-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_piecki-migowo.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_piecki-migowo.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_piecki-migowo.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_piecki-migowo.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_piecki-migowo.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_piecki-migowo.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_piecki-migowo.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_piecki-migowo.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_piecki-migowo.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_piecki-migowo.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_piecki-migowo.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_piecki-migowo.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_piecki-migowo.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_piecki-migowo.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_piecki-migowo.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_piecki-migowo.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_piecki-migowo.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_piecki-migowo.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_piecki-migowo.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_piecki-migowo.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_goclaw.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_goclaw.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_goclaw.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_goclaw.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_goclaw.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_goclaw.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_goclaw.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_goclaw.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_goclaw.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_goclaw.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_podlesie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_podlesie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_podlesie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_podlesie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_podlesie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_podlesie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_podlesie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_podlesie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_podlesie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_podlesie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_podlesie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_podlesie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_podlesie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_podlesie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_podlesie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_podlesie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_podlesie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_podlesie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_podlesie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_podlesie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rakowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rakowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_rakowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rakowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rakowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rakowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rakowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rakowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rakowiec.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rakowiec.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_srodmiescie-wschod.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_srodmiescie-wschod.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_srodmiescie-wschod.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_srodmiescie-wschod.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_srodmiescie-wschod.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_srodmiescie-wschod.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_srodmiescie-wschod.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_srodmiescie-wschod.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_srodmiescie-wschod.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_srodmiescie-wschod.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_olechow-janow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_olechow-janow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_olechow-janow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_olechow-janow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_olechow-janow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_olechow-janow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_olechow-janow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2020_olechow-janow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2020_olechow-janow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_olechow-janow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-12-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-12-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-12-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-12-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-12-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-12-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-12-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-12-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-12-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-12-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sawa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sawa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_sawa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sawa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sawa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sawa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_sawa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sawa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sawa.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_sawa.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_ligota-panewniki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_ligota-panewniki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_ligota-panewniki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_ligota-panewniki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_ligota-panewniki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_ligota-panewniki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_ligota-panewniki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_ligota-panewniki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_ligota-panewniki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_ligota-panewniki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_ligota-panewniki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_ligota-panewniki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_ligota-panewniki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_ligota-panewniki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_ligota-panewniki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_ligota-panewniki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_ligota-panewniki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_ligota-panewniki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_ligota-panewniki.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_ligota-panewniki.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_wilanow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_poznan_2023_9-stare-miasto.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_poznan_2023_9-stare-miasto.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_poznan_2023_9-stare-miasto.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_poznan_2023_9-stare-miasto.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_poznan_2023_9-stare-miasto.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_poznan_2023_9-stare-miasto.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_poznan_2023_9-stare-miasto.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_poznan_2023_9-stare-miasto.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_poznan_2023_9-stare-miasto.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_poznan_2023_9-stare-miasto.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_widzew-wschod.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_widzew-wschod.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_widzew-wschod.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_widzew-wschod.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_widzew-wschod.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_widzew-wschod.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_widzew-wschod.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_widzew-wschod.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_widzew-wschod.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_widzew-wschod.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_grochow-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_srodmiescie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2021_srodmiescie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_julianow-marysin-rogi.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_julianow-marysin-rogi.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_julianow-marysin-rogi.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_julianow-marysin-rogi.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_julianow-marysin-rogi.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_julianow-marysin-rogi.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_julianow-marysin-rogi.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_julianow-marysin-rogi.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2022_julianow-marysin-rogi.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_julianow-marysin-rogi.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-7-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-7-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-7-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-7-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-7-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-7-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-7-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-7-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-7-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-7-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zlotno.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zlotno.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_zlotno.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zlotno.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zlotno.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zlotno.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2022_zlotno.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zlotno.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zlotno.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2022_zlotno.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_subunit-wlochy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_subunit-wlochy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_subunit-wlochy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_subunit-wlochy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_subunit-wlochy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_subunit-wlochy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_subunit-wlochy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_subunit-wlochy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_subunit-wlochy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_subunit-wlochy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-4-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_choszczowka-dabrowka-szlachecka-bialoleka-dworska-henrykow-szamocin.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_choszczowka-dabrowka-szlachecka-bialoleka-dworska-henrykow-szamocin.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_choszczowka-dabrowka-szlachecka-bialoleka-dworska-henrykow-szamocin.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_choszczowka-dabrowka-szlachecka-bialoleka-dworska-henrykow-szamocin.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_choszczowka-dabrowka-szlachecka-bialoleka-dworska-henrykow-szamocin.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_choszczowka-dabrowka-szlachecka-bialoleka-dworska-henrykow-szamocin.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_choszczowka-dabrowka-szlachecka-bialoleka-dworska-henrykow-szamocin.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_choszczowka-dabrowka-szlachecka-bialoleka-dworska-henrykow-szamocin.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_choszczowka-dabrowka-szlachecka-bialoleka-dworska-henrykow-szamocin.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_choszczowka-dabrowka-szlachecka-bialoleka-dworska-henrykow-szamocin.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-gorna-gdansk-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-gorna-gdansk-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-gorna-gdansk-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-gorna-gdansk-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-gorna-gdansk-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-gorna-gdansk-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-gorna-gdansk-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-gorna-gdansk-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-gorna-gdansk-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-gorna-gdansk-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-gorna-gdansk-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-gorna-gdansk-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-gorna-gdansk-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-gorna-gdansk-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-gorna-gdansk-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-gorna-gdansk-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-gorna-gdansk-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-gorna-gdansk-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-gorna-gdansk-poludnie.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-gorna-gdansk-poludnie.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_bialoleka-obszar-3.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_bialoleka-obszar-3.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_bialoleka-obszar-3.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_bialoleka-obszar-3.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_bialoleka-obszar-3.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_bialoleka-obszar-3.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_bialoleka-obszar-3.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_bialoleka-obszar-3.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_bialoleka-obszar-3.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_bialoleka-obszar-3.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chwarzno-wiczlino-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chwarzno-wiczlino-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chwarzno-wiczlino-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chwarzno-wiczlino-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chwarzno-wiczlino-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chwarzno-wiczlino-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chwarzno-wiczlino-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chwarzno-wiczlino-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chwarzno-wiczlino-small.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_gdynia_2020_chwarzno-wiczlino-small.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_bemowo.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_bemowo.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_bemowo.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_bemowo.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_bemowo.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_bemowo.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_bemowo.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_bemowo.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_bemowo.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_bemowo.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rembertow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rembertow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_rembertow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rembertow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rembertow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rembertow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rembertow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rembertow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rembertow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_rembertow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-9-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-9-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-9-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-9-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-9-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-9-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-9-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-9-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-9-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-9-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wars.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wars.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_wars.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wars.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wars.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wars.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wars.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wars.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wars.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_wars.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ursus-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ursus-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_ursus-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ursus-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ursus-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ursus-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ursus-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ursus-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ursus-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ursus-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_mlynow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_mlynow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_mlynow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_mlynow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_mlynow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_mlynow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_mlynow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_mlynow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_mlynow.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_mlynow.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_srodmiescie-katedralna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_srodmiescie-katedralna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_srodmiescie-katedralna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_srodmiescie-katedralna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_srodmiescie-katedralna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_srodmiescie-katedralna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_srodmiescie-katedralna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2020_srodmiescie-katedralna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2020_srodmiescie-katedralna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_srodmiescie-katedralna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stara-ochota.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stara-ochota.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_stara-ochota.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stara-ochota.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stara-ochota.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stara-ochota.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stara-ochota.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stara-ochota.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stara-ochota.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_stara-ochota.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_kostuchna.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_kostuchna.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_kostuchna.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_kostuchna.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_kostuchna.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_kostuchna.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_kostuchna.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_kostuchna.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_kostuchna.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_kostuchna.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_kostuchna.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_kostuchna.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_kostuchna.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_kostuchna.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_kostuchna.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2021_kostuchna.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2021_kostuchna.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_kostuchna.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_kostuchna.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2021_kostuchna.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-5-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-5-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-5-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-5-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-5-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-5-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-5-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-5-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-5-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-5-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-i-nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-i-nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-i-nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-i-nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-i-nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-i-nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-i-nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-i-nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-i-nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-i-nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_piotrowice-ochojec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_piotrowice-ochojec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_piotrowice-ochojec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_piotrowice-ochojec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_piotrowice-ochojec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_piotrowice-ochojec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_piotrowice-ochojec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_piotrowice-ochojec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_piotrowice-ochojec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_piotrowice-ochojec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_standard,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_katowice_2020_piotrowice-ochojec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_piotrowice-ochojec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_piotrowice-ochojec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_piotrowice-ochojec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_BOS,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_piotrowice-ochojec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_katowice_2020_piotrowice-ochojec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_katowice_2020_piotrowice-ochojec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_piotrowice-ochojec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_piotrowice-ochojec.pb,non exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_katowice_2020_piotrowice-ochojec.pb,exhaustive,cardinal_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_praga-polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_praga-polnoc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_praga-polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_praga-polnoc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_praga-polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_praga-polnoc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_praga-polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_praga-polnoc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_praga-polnoc.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_praga-polnoc.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_zabrze_2021_.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_zabrze_2021_.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-2-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-2-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-2-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-2-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-2-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-2-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-2-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-2-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-2-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-2-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_brodno.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_brodno.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_brodno.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_brodno.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_brodno.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_brodno.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2018_brodno.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_brodno.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_brodno.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2018_brodno.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursynow-wysoki-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursynow-wysoki-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_ursynow-wysoki-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursynow-wysoki-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursynow-wysoki-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursynow-wysoki-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursynow-wysoki-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursynow-wysoki-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursynow-wysoki-poludniowy.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_ursynow-wysoki-poludniowy.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rejon-a.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rejon-a.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_rejon-a.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rejon-a.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rejon-a.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rejon-a.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2017_rejon-a.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rejon-a.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rejon-a.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2017_rejon-a.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-12-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-12-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-12-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-12-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-12-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-12-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-12-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-12-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-12-250.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-12-250.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_poznan_2023_7-morasko-radojewo-naramowice-umultowo.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_poznan_2023_7-morasko-radojewo-naramowice-umultowo.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_poznan_2023_7-morasko-radojewo-naramowice-umultowo.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_poznan_2023_7-morasko-radojewo-naramowice-umultowo.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_poznan_2023_7-morasko-radojewo-naramowice-umultowo.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_poznan_2023_7-morasko-radojewo-naramowice-umultowo.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_poznan_2023_7-morasko-radojewo-naramowice-umultowo.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_poznan_2023_7-morasko-radojewo-naramowice-umultowo.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_poznan_2023_7-morasko-radojewo-naramowice-umultowo.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_poznan_2023_7-morasko-radojewo-naramowice-umultowo.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ochota.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ochota.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_ochota.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ochota.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ochota.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ochota.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ochota.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ochota.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ochota.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_ochota.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2022_wesola.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2022_wesola.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2022_wesola.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2022_wesola.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2022_wesola.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2022_wesola.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2022_wesola.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2022_wesola.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2022_wesola.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2022_wesola.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sielce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sielce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2019_sielce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sielce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sielce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sielce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sielce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sielce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sielce.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_warszawa_2019_sielce.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_baluty-centrum.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_baluty-centrum.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_lodz_2020_baluty-centrum.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_baluty-centrum.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,priceable
poland_lodz_2020_baluty-centrum.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_baluty-centrum.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_baluty-centrum.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2020_baluty-centrum.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_lodz_2020_baluty-centrum.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_lodz_2020_baluty-centrum.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2021_wesola.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,priceable
poland_warszawa_2021_wesola.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2021_wesola.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2021_wesola.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2021_wesola.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2021_wesola.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,not exhaustive
poland_warszawa_2021_wesola.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2021_wesola.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,not priceable
poland_warszawa_2021_wesola.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_warszawa_2021_wesola.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-7-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-7-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES,not exhaustive
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-7-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-7-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_BOS,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-7-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-7-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-7-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-7-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-7-750.pb,non exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-7-750.pb,exhaustive,approval_times_cost,MES_INC_UGREEDY,stable priceable
