fname,ptype,exhaustive,mode,exists
poland_czestochowa_2020_czestochowka-parkitka.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_czestochowa_2020_dzbow.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_czestochowa_2020_kiedrzyn.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_czestochowa_2020_kiedrzyn.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_czestochowa_2020_lisiniec.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,True
poland_czestochowa_2020_lisiniec.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,True
poland_czestochowa_2020_mirow.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_czestochowa_2020_mirow.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_czestochowa_2020_podjasnogorska.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_czestochowa_2020_podjasnogorska.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_czestochowa_2020_polnoc.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_czestochowa_2020_polnoc.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_czestochowa_2020_stare-miasto.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_czestochowa_2020_stare-miasto.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_czestochowa_2020_stradom.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_czestochowa_2020_stradom.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_czestochowa_2020_trzech-wieszczow.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_czestochowa_2020_trzech-wieszczow.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_czestochowa_2020_tysiaclecie.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_czestochowa_2020_tysiaclecie.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_czestochowa_2020_wrzosowiak.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_czestochowa_2020_wyczerpy-aniolow.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_czestochowa_2020_wyczerpy-aniolow.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdansk_2020_bretowo.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdansk_2020_bretowo.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdansk_2020_kokoszki.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdansk_2020_matarnia.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdansk_2020_olszynka.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdansk_2020_olszynka.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-sw-wojciech-lipce.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdansk_2020_orunia-sw-wojciech-lipce.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-male.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdansk_2020_przymorze-wielkie.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,True
poland_gdansk_2020_siedlce.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdansk_2020_siedlce.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdansk_2020_suchanino.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdansk_2020_suchanino.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdansk_2020_wzgorze-mickiewicza.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdansk_2020_wzgorze-mickiewicza.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdansk_2020_zabianka-wejhera-jelitkowo-tysiaclecia.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdansk_2020_zabianka-wejhera-jelitkowo-tysiaclecia.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdynia_2020_babie-doly-large.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdynia_2020_grabowek-large.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdynia_2020_pustki-cisowskie-demptowo-large.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2020_bogucice.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2020_bogucice.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2020_dab.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2020_dab.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2020_dabrowka-mala.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2020_dabrowka-mala.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2020_koszutka.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2020_koszutka.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2020_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2020_srodmiescie.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2020_srodmiescie.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2020_szopienice-burowiec.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2020_szopienice-burowiec.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2020_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2020_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2020_zaleze.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2020_zaleze.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2020_zarzecze.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2021_bogucice.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2021_bogucice.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2021_dab.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2021_dab.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2021_koszutka.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,True
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,True
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-paderewskiego-muchowiec.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2021_szopienice-burowiec.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2021_szopienice-burowiec.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2021_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2021_welnowiec-jozefowiec.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2021_zarzecze.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_lodz_2020_nowosolna.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_lodz_2022_dolina-lodki.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_lodz_2022_lagiewniki.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_lodz_2022_mileszki.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_lodz_2022_nad-nerem.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_lodz_2022_nowosolna.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_warszawa_2017_aleksandrow.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_warszawa_2017_anin.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_warszawa_2017_miedzeszyn.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_warszawa_2017_stare-wlochy.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,timeout
poland_warszawa_2017_zoliborz-poludniowy-powazki.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,True
poland_warszawa_2018_obszar-2-stara-milosna.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_warszawa_2018_rejon-9.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,timeout
poland_warszawa_2018_stare-wlochy.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,timeout
poland_warszawa_2019_chrzanow-jelonki-poludniowe-jelonki-polnocne.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-i-nowa-praga-z-pelcowizna.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,timeout
poland_warszawa_2019_obszar-ii-stara-praga-ze-szmulowizna-z-michalowem.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,timeout
poland_warszawa_2019_wesola.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,timeout
poland_wroclaw_2016_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_zabrze_2020_grzybowice.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_zabrze_2020_helenka.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_zabrze_2020_mikulczyce.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_zabrze_2020_rokitnica.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_zabrze_2020_zandka.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_zabrze_2021_helenka.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_zabrze_2021_konczyce.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_zabrze_2021_mikulczyce.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_czestochowa_2020_czestochowka-parkitka.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_warszawa_2017_zoliborz-centralny.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,timeout
poland_zabrze_2020_guido.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_zabrze_2021_centrum-poludnie.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdansk_2020_krakowiec-gorki-zachodnie.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdansk_2020_vii-dwor.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdansk_2020_wrzeszcz-dolny.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdynia_2020_kamienna-gora-large.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdynia_2020_karwiny-large.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdynia_2020_obluze-large.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2020_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2021_janow-nikiszowiec.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_lodz_2020_andrzejow.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_lodz_2020_koziny.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_lodz_2020_mileszki.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_lodz_2020_zdrowie-mania.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_lodz_2022_andrzejow.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_lodz_2022_gorniak.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_lodz_2022_ruda.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_warszawa_2017_centrum-wola-grzybowska-groszowka.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_warszawa_2017_ursus-polnocny.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_warszawa_2017_ursus-poludniowy.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,timeout
poland_warszawa_2017_zacisze.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,timeout
poland_warszawa_2018_anin.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,True
poland_warszawa_2018_miedzeszyn.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_warszawa_2018_targowek-fabryczny-elsnerow-i-utrata.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_warszawa_2019_brodno-podgrodzie.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_warszawa_2019_sluzew.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdansk_2020_chelm.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,True
poland_gdansk_2020_piecki-migowo.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_gdynia_2020_maly-kack-large.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2020_piotrowice-ochojec.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2020_piotrowice-ochojec.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2020_podlesie.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2020_podlesie.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2020_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2021_giszowiec.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2021_kostuchna.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2021_ligota-panewniki.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2021_ligota-panewniki.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-tysiaclecia.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2021_osiedle-tysiaclecia.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2021_podlesie.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,True
poland_katowice_2021_podlesie.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2021_srodmiescie.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2021_srodmiescie.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2021_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,cardinal_standard,True,stable priceable,False
poland_katowice_2021_zaleska-halda-brynow-czesc-zachodnia.pb,cardinal_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_lodz_2020_olechow-janow.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_lodz_2022_julianow-marysin-rogi.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_lodz_2022_srodmiescie-wschod.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_poznan_2023_9-stare-miasto.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_warszawa_2018_brodno.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,timeout
poland_warszawa_2019_sielce.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,timeout
poland_warszawa_2019_srodmiescie.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,timeout
poland_warszawa_2023_rembertow.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,timeout
poland_wroclaw_2017_rejon-nr-7-250.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_wroclaw_2018_rejon-nr-13-250.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
poland_zabrze_2020_centrum-poludnie.pb,approval_times_cost,True,stable priceable,False
